
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.130684                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                130684386000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5306852464500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  34272                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    59171                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              104890253                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3714532                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1245.92                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    42700516                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      73721498                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21452992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          21452992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     13543552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       13543552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       335203                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             335203                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       211618                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            211618                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    164158800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            164158800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    103635579                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           103635579                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    267794379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           267794379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     335203                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    211618                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   335203                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  211618                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              21451776                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1216                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               13543360                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               21452992                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            13543552                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    19                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            20688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            21308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            20891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            21353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            20951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            21175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            21086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            21064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            20841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            21038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           20808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           21193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           20655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           20572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           20791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           20770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            13273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            13218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            13143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            13394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            13219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            13318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            13251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            13418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            13142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            13360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           13146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           13079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           13063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           13072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           13361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           13158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                   102108                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     2942                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 130684044000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               335203                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              211618                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 175661                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   5014                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   2258                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                    829                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    906                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   1010                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   1088                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   1116                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   1155                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   1286                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  1434                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  1403                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  1452                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  1477                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  1542                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  1615                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  1646                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  1832                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  1805                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  1768                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  1872                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  1837                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  1960                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  2030                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                  2111                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                  2124                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                  2168                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                  2227                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                  2344                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  2392                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  2562                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                105260                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  37585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  38504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  39023                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  39286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  39144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   5440                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   6079                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   6557                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       154338                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   226.737680                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   167.332758                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   184.308861                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        52349     33.92%     33.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        31106     20.15%     54.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        53622     34.74%     88.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6304      4.08%     92.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4202      2.72%     95.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2364      1.53%     97.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1404      0.91%     98.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          971      0.63%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2016      1.31%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       154338                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        37837                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.858208                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    24.023951                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        37810     99.93%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           26      0.07%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        37837                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        37837                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.592806                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.406739                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.878663                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          34398     90.91%     90.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2335      6.17%     97.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          678      1.79%     98.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          426      1.13%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        37837                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 34356390665                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            40641090665                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1675920000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                   102500.09                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              121250.09                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      164.15                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      103.63                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   164.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   103.64                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.27                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  253625                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 138825                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                75.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               65.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    238988.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   71.77                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   28043155000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     4363580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    98271941000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              589816080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              576888480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              321824250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              314770500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1314073800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1299932400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            688370400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            682765200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         8535162480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         8535162480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        49688371170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        49254629670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        34819849500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        35200324500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          95957467680                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          95864473230                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          734.310867                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          733.599230                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20798016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          20798016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     12916160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       12916160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       324969                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             324969                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       201815                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            201815                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    159146908                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            159146908                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     98834761                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            98834761                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    257981669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           257981669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     324969                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    201815                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   324969                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  201815                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              20796672                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               12915968                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               20798016                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            12916160                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    21                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            20059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            20698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            20233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            20682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            20375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            20538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            20434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            20516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            20185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            20382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           20149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           20570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           20016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           19893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           20085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           20133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            12661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            12624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            12534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            12787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            12622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            12718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            12630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            12795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            12522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            12735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           12539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           12466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           12461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           12461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           12702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           12555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                    62249                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     2600                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 130683556500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               324969                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              201815                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 171186                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1707                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   1236                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   1369                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   1472                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   1576                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   1827                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   2036                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   2182                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   2345                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  2549                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  2569                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  2702                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  2753                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  2885                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  2962                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  3097                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  3134                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  3194                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  3309                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  3350                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  3463                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  3557                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  3562                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                  3637                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                  3919                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  4045                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  4142                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  4112                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  4167                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  4215                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                 66689                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  35770                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  36791                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  37160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  37382                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  37587                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   5519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   5856                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   5750                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       128003                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   263.359828                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.655971                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   189.891559                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25626     20.02%     20.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        30508     23.83%     43.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        53599     41.87%     85.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6384      4.99%     90.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4722      3.69%     94.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2318      1.81%     96.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1364      1.07%     97.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1014      0.79%     98.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2468      1.93%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       128003                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        36084                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.004406                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.276276                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        36030     99.85%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           52      0.14%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        36084                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        36084                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.592839                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.397509                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.938285                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          32763     90.80%     90.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2131      5.91%     96.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          753      2.09%     98.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          437      1.21%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        36084                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 29461632573                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            35554407573                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1624740000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    90665.68                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              109415.68                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      159.14                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       98.83                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   159.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    98.83                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.24                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  253936                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 144814                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                78.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               71.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    248078.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   75.70                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   28550625000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     4363580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    97764479500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              490107240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              477565200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              267419625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              260576250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1275229800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1258974600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            656884080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            650760480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         8535162480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         8535162480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        49126382235                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        48186423450                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        35312818500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        36137343750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          95664003960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          95506806210                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          732.065182                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          730.862232                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20796352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          20796352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     12916544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       12916544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       324943                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             324943                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       201821                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            201821                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    159134175                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            159134175                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     98837699                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            98837699                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    257971874                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           257971874                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     324943                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    201821                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   324943                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  201821                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              20795328                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               12916416                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               20796352                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            12916544                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            20056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            20680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            20244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            20731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            20379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            20523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            20413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            20488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            20154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            20392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           20157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           20586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           20032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           19850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           20073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           20169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            12655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            12623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            12530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            12794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            12622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            12702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            12638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            12794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            12506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            12741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           12536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           12480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           12468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           12455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           12707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           12568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                    59988                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     2378                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 130684295000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               324943                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              201821                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 171313                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   1528                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   1192                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   1257                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   1367                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   1545                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   1826                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   2024                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   2220                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   2434                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  2526                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  2655                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  2758                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  2935                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  3075                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  3075                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  3039                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  3284                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  3303                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  3418                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  3359                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  3420                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  3646                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  3813                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                  4076                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  4041                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  4140                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  4175                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  4209                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  4310                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  4347                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                 64617                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  35772                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  36807                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  37277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  37387                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  37548                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   5415                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   5864                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   5751                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       127650                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   264.081097                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   206.333795                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   189.673550                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25671     20.11%     20.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        29364     23.00%     43.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        54408     42.62%     85.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6322      4.95%     90.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4772      3.74%     94.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2281      1.79%     96.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1401      1.10%     97.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          948      0.74%     98.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2483      1.95%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       127650                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        36079                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.005044                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.328741                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        36035     99.88%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           42      0.12%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        36079                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        36079                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.593808                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.398022                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.939908                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          32738     90.74%     90.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2154      5.97%     96.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          742      2.06%     98.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          445      1.23%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        36079                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 29366672071                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            35459053321                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1624635000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    90379.29                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              109129.29                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      159.13                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       98.84                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   159.13                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    98.84                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.24                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  253860                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 145229                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                78.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               71.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    248088.89                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   75.76                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   28405323000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     4363580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    97909783500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              489101760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              475894440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              266871000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              259664625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1275058200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1258974600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            656799840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            650890080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         8535162480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         8535162480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        48858989535                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        47929404465                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        35547373500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        36362799000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          95629356315                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          95472789690                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          731.800042                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          730.601922                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20775168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          20775168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     12915264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       12915264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       324612                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             324612                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       201801                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            201801                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    158972075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            158972075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     98827904                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            98827904                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    257799979                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           257799979                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     324612                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    201801                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   324612                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  201801                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              20774336                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               12915136                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               20775168                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            12915264                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    13                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            20051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            20651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            20160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            20701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            20311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            20518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            20425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            20468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            20145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            20381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           20195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           20539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           19976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           19842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           20095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           20141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            12661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            12614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            12538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            12785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            12621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            12705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            12634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            12787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            12503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            12744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           12536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           12486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           12464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           12460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           12712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           12549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                    58554                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     2081                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 130683246000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               324612                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              201801                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 170917                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   1580                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   1232                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   1295                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   1445                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   1621                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   1785                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   2045                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   2146                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   2414                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  2614                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  2788                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  2866                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  3009                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  3198                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  3182                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  3354                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  3378                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  3489                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  3570                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  3697                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  3745                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  3761                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  3851                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  3906                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  3940                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  3973                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  4038                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                  4238                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                  4216                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  4342                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                 62964                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  35807                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  36819                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  37227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  37510                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  37666                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   5649                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   6049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   5074                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       126932                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   265.399426                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   207.979056                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   189.571754                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        24824     19.56%     19.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        29544     23.28%     42.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        54344     42.81%     85.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6398      5.04%     90.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4694      3.70%     94.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2281      1.80%     96.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1382      1.09%     97.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          980      0.77%     98.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2485      1.96%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       126932                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        36091                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.992907                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.728084                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        36046     99.88%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           42      0.12%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        36091                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        36091                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.591394                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.397724                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.924851                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          32761     90.77%     90.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2157      5.98%     96.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          760      2.11%     98.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          413      1.14%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        36091                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 29141299597                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            35227530847                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1622995000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    89776.31                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              108526.31                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      158.97                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       98.83                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   158.97                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    98.83                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.23                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  253617                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 145842                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                78.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               72.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    248252.32                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   75.89                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27932896250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     4363580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    98382220750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              486221400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              473354280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              265299375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              258278625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1273264200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1258202400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            656709120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            650851200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         8535162480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         8535162480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        48632314500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        47885368545                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        35746211250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        36401427000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          95595182325                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          95462644530                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          731.538527                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          730.524286                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1177                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1177                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1413                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1413                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               239                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              239                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          956                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          956                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          838                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4348                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               203500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              518000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              518588                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              127088                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1883500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          375                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1536000                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          375                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                256                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                2559                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               11833837                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 36.623963                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                26.409150                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                60.308127                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    11643191     98.39%     98.39% |      132549      1.12%     99.51% |       52319      0.44%     99.95% |        5596      0.05%    100.00% |         181      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 11833837                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     31866249                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.114730                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.519757                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      3.796018                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    29972951     94.06%     94.06% |     1295378      4.07%     98.12% |       22710      0.07%     98.19% |       25522      0.08%     98.28% |       24694      0.08%     98.35% |       36559      0.11%     98.47% |       56583      0.18%     98.64% |      135569      0.43%     99.07% |      296283      0.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      31866249                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            31866248                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              24.473445                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.874230                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            137.000671                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    31715347     99.53%     99.53% |      133110      0.42%     99.94% |       12689      0.04%     99.98% |        3966      0.01%    100.00% |         974      0.00%    100.00% |         153      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              31866248                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        29945867                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000182                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000157                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.013541                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    29940436     99.98%     99.98% |        5422      0.02%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          29945867                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1920381                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        359.321318                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       208.801298                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       438.334498                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1769480     92.14%     92.14% |      133110      6.93%     99.07% |       12689      0.66%     99.73% |        3966      0.21%     99.94% |         974      0.05%     99.99% |         153      0.01%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1920381                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     7471104                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    2359296                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         120066                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       120066                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          210                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          131                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles          133                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          133                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     23032335                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1173295                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     24205630                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      6912248                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       125761                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      7038009                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       329460                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        44941                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       119700                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2085517                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        70095                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           17                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           17                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          160                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77664                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        13791                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits          165                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77659                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        13841                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          153                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77671                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        13855                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          160                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77664                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        13703                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits          161                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77663                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        13912                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits          162                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77662                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        13820                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          169                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77655                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        14464                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          154                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77670                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        13932                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       125022                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        50862                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       175884                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        17431                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        40607                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        58038                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        17399                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        40647                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        58046                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        14315                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        40608                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        54923                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        11255                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        40662                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        51917                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        10708                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        40638                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        51346                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        11236                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        40629                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        51865                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         9818                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        40570                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        50388                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        14125                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        40623                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        54748                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        12015                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        40629                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        52644                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        13091                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        40651                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        53742                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        16819                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        40577                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        57396                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        12137                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        40636                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        52773                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        17058                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        40609                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        57667                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        26519                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        40681                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        67200                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        20989                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        40603                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        61592                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        16112                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        40561                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        56673                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        16564                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        40650                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        57214                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        14586                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        40701                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        55287                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        15178                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        40628                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        55806                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        16459                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        40561                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        57020                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        19043                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        40573                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        59616                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        19807                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        40596                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        60403                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        15880                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        40595                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        56475                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        27983                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        40578                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        68561                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        22508                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        40560                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        63068                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        16570                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        40564                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        57134                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        13170                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        40524                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        53694                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         9139                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        40576                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        49715                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         8734                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        40584                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        49318                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        14529                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        40646                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        55175                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        14457                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        40596                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        55053                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     18635988                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     18635988                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     18898586                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     18635988                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7774591                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7760324                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     18635988                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.071302                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      7622476                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      7622476                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7848505                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7622476                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3570175                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3552744                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      7622476                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.029164                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      5818158                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      5818158                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6092603                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5818158                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2346345                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2322898                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      5818158                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.022260                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      4850494                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      4850494                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5111358                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4850494                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2026617                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2008602                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      4850494                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.018558                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      6739927                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      6739927                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7024462                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6739927                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3198830                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3154395                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      6739927                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.025787                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      6731875                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      6731875                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6998425                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6731875                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3121333                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3100399                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      6731875                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.025756                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      7580409                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      7580409                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7922312                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7580409                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2872865                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2846717                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      7580409                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.029003                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      4957749                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      4957749                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5279317                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4957749                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2032174                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2008965                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      4957749                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.018968                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      3298791                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      3298791                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3447167                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3298791                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1436797                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1420883                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      3298791                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.012621                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      4518689                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      4518689                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4748520                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4518689                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2104109                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2078313                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      4518689                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.017289                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      3144889                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      3144889                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3243536                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3144889                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1269797                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1262505                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      3144889                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.012032                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      2727707                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      2727707                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2751742                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2727707                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1090224                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1089303                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      2727707                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.010436                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      3793705                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      3793705                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3826984                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3793705                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1677533                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1676521                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      3793705                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.014515                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      2890687                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      2890687                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2917067                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2890687                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1168445                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1167547                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      2890687                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.011060                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1689299                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1689299                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1714566                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1689299                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       658275                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       657215                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1689299                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.006463                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      2500227                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      2500227                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2545192                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2500227                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       988923                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       986659                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      2500227                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.009566                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      3515716                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      3515716                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3565945                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3515716                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1299499                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1297104                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      3515716                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.013451                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      2671453                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      2671453                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2725780                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2671453                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1024801                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1021965                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      2671453                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.010221                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      2665926                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      2665926                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2732638                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2665926                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1070142                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1065030                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      2665926                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.010200                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      1584369                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      1584369                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1604049                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1584369                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       628400                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       627589                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      1584369                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.006062                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1451199                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1451199                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1455581                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1451199                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       633277                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       633183                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1451199                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.005552                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2050229                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2050229                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2056304                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2050229                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       956853                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       956261                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2050229                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.007844                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      1703866                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      1703866                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1711086                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1703866                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       742731                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       742614                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      1703866                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.006519                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1059620                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1059620                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1059620                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1059620                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       433948                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       433948                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1059620                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.004054                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1394407                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1394407                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1399027                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1394407                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       581377                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       581267                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1394407                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.005335                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      1882862                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      1882862                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1888605                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1882862                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       862941                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       862354                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      1882862                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.007204                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      1638635                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      1638635                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1645405                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1638635                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       702485                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       702391                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      1638635                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.006269                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1060932                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1060932                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1060932                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1060932                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       431892                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       431892                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1060932                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.004059                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      6134972                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      6134972                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6529552                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6134972                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2511704                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2499872                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      6134972                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.023472                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      6140395                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      6140395                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6437719                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6140395                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2486155                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2470491                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      6140395                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.023493                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      6267569                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      6267569                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6619856                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6267569                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2497427                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2482897                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      6267569                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.023980                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      6404719                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      6404719                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6730823                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6404719                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2586314                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2566835                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      6404719                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.024505                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     9854160     27.85%     27.85% |    23711289     67.02%     94.88% |     1812138      5.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     35377587                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     9854160     27.85%     27.85% |    23711289     67.02%     94.88% |     1812138      5.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     35377587                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   322306553                       |   577382941                       |    40212570                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   249644329                       |    95752507                       |     1812139                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   32.707664                       |   24.350551                       |   22.190678                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   25.333903                       |    4.038267                       |    1.000001                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    26.567727                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     9.814377                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         36.382104                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002118                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.046193      7.08%      7.08% |    0.046009      7.05%     14.13% |    0.045867      7.03%     21.16% |    0.045726      7.01%     28.17% |    0.109812     16.83%     45.01% |    0.107412     16.47%     61.47% |    0.109677     16.81%     78.28% |    0.107270     16.44%     94.73% |    0.008597      1.32%     96.05% |    0.008598      1.32%     97.36% |    0.008599      1.32%     98.68% |    0.008596      1.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.652356                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.016156                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.028941                       |    0.000000                       |    0.001173                       |    0.001173                       |    0.001173                       |    0.001173                       |    0.001173                       |    0.001173                       |    0.001173                       |    0.001173                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004934                       |    0.002001                       |    0.001881                       |    0.001966                       |    0.001980                       |    0.001899                       |    0.001809                       |    0.001802                       |    0.001936                       |    0.001927                       |    0.002001                       |    0.001929                       |    0.001862                       |    0.001845                       |    0.001859                       |    0.001825                       |    0.001924                       |    0.001876                       |    0.001903                       |    0.001988                       |    0.001995                       |    0.002212                       |    0.002083                       |    0.001970                       |    0.001983                       |    0.001939                       |    0.001952                       |    0.001974                       |    0.002035                       |    0.002049                       |    0.002237                       |    0.002113                       |    0.007688                       |    0.007452                       |    0.007452                       |    0.007444                       |    0.000092                       |           0                       |    0.000146                       |    0.000606                       |    0.000058                       |    0.000063                       |    0.000057                       |    0.000062                       |    0.000057                       |    0.000062                       |    0.000049                       |    0.000052                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002116                       |    0.000093                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002087                       |    0.001256                       |    0.001781                       |    0.002024                       |    0.000049                       |    0.002341                       |    0.004723                       |    0.001704                       |           0                       |    0.002147                       |    0.005706                       |           0                       |    0.005019                       |    0.008193                       |    0.002408                       |    0.001781                       |    0.001993                       |    0.000058                       |    0.004960                       |    0.003852                       |    0.009616                       |    0.001781                       |    0.002052                       |    0.000063                       |    0.007681                       |    0.004179                       |    0.002803                       |           0                       |    0.002163                       |    0.005478                       |           0                       |    0.008167                       |    0.004597                       |    0.003088                       |           0                       |    0.002036                       |           0                       |    0.003912                       |    0.002304                       |    0.002185                       |           0                       |    0.002096                       |           0                       |    0.001983                       |    0.001256                       |           0                       |    0.002263                       |           0                       |    0.001125                       |    0.002212                       |    0.002244                       |    0.001781                       |    0.002010                       |    0.000052                       |    0.002357                       |    0.004185                       |    0.004851                       |    0.002052                       |    0.001781                       |    0.002071                       |    0.000057                       |    0.004066                       |    0.008298                       |    0.006522                       |    0.002993                       |    0.029398                       |    0.004370                       |    0.000146                       |    0.003274                       |    0.013606                       |    0.016710                       |    0.003798                       |    0.000000                       |    0.002109                       |    0.000606                       |    0.003337                       |    0.006004                       |    0.013340                       |    0.003768                       |    0.001781                       |    0.001982                       |    0.000062                       |    0.005900                       |    0.004968                       |    0.007456                       |    0.003607                       |           0                       |    0.001965                       |           0                       |    0.001927                       |    0.003800                       |    0.003858                       |    0.002965                       |           0                       |    0.002051                       |           0                       |    0.001048                       |    0.001939                       |    0.002165                       |           0                       |    0.002161                       |           0                       |    0.000191                       |    0.002083                       |    0.002084                       |           0                       |    0.002091                       |           0                       |    0.001922                       |    0.002191                       |    0.003864                       |    0.001964                       |           0                       |    0.002360                       |    0.005478                       |           0                       |    0.001712                       |    0.005006                       |    0.007495                       |    0.001928                       |    0.001781                       |    0.001909                       |    0.000057                       |    0.015139                       |    0.004943                       |    0.003158                       |    0.002015                       |    0.001781                       |    0.001911                       |    0.000062                       |    0.002077                       |    0.007475                       |    0.003690                       |    0.001972                       |           0                       |    0.002211                       |    0.005475                       |           0                       |    0.002394                       |    0.008116                       |    0.004298                       |    0.002011                       |           0                       |    0.001937                       |           0                       |    0.001073                       |    0.003797                       |    0.002152                       |    0.002101                       |           0                       |    0.002081                       |           0                       |    0.000151                       |    0.001952                       |    0.002086                       |           0                       |    0.002084                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001970                       |           0                       |    0.001964                       |           0                       |    0.000890                       |           0                       |    0.003609                       |           0                       |    0.001928                       |           0                       |    0.002491                       |    0.000670                       |    0.004477                       |           0                       |    0.002015                       |           0                       |    0.007194                       |    0.002204                       |    0.002037                       |           0                       |    0.001972                       |           0                       |    0.000890                       |    0.005034                       |    0.002325                       |           0                       |    0.002011                       |           0                       |    0.003853                       |    0.004336                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002101                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003961                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002086                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001974                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.652356                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         6740883                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      6740883                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       392149                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      4198487                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         3562860                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     84.860570                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          496589                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30344                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             13662362                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              84179                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            18896165                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            182126                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         13746541                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        19078291                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  32558527                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  266305                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              32824832                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              7045241                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9650                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          7054891                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   7045241                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9650                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               7054891                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                257621934                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     24234849                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               50645898                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             6740883                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      4059449                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             227788301                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          908884                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             145157                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       190582                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       428323                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3405                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       340528                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           7044567                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        217774                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3869                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    253585587                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.360002                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.510778                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        236657272     93.32%     93.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          2299579      0.91%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1303824      0.51%     94.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1052228      0.41%     95.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1853683      0.73%     95.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          1497815      0.59%     96.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1152102      0.45%     96.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           741643      0.29%     97.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          7027441      2.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    253585587                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.026166                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.196590                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         11999898                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     228744587                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6897107                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       5489546                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         454442                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       86662702                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         454442                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         14326567                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       122701381                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     15553656                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           9918602                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      90630932                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       84584005                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         59555                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        2121694                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         514617                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       87232049                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     83693386                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     204396920                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    133438605                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           85                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      71460466                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         12232907                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       389228                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       395073                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          40180025                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      7103498                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     19273576                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads       779131                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       588209                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           82872906                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       480225                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          87190880                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       320026                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9371964                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14508904                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       128997                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    253585587                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.343832                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.031352                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    216595433     85.41%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14107919      5.56%     90.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11420537      4.50%     95.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      3569850      1.41%     96.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3338328      1.32%     98.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2317480      0.91%     99.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1394776      0.55%     99.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       507143      0.20%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       334121      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    253585587                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          135440     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         928786     76.10%     87.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        156282     12.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       574090      0.66%      0.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      53533790     61.40%     62.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        56415      0.06%     62.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         51941      0.06%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13850799     15.89%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19123845     21.93%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       87190880                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.338445                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1220508                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.013998                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    429507843                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     92734064                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     78922327                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           38                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          144                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           12                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       87837279                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              19                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1239464                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1340548                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2709                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         9247                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       752068                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1798                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      7811464                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         454442                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5084711                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     115437198                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     83353131                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       128483                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       7103498                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19273576                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       471213                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          73117                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     115296600                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         9247                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       137200                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       335088                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       472288                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      86482216                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      13651867                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       443547                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             32569188                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          5316328                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           18917321                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.335694                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               79039370                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              78922339                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          35234559                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          55609615                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.306349                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.633606                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      9630057                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       351228                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       405897                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    252002752                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.292542                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.023477                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    221217132     87.78%     87.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     11351680      4.50%     92.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11520658      4.57%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3044842      1.21%     98.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1342890      0.53%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       493728      0.20%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       674468      0.27%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       551867      0.22%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1805487      0.72%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    252002752                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     42700515                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       73721495                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               24284457                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               5762949                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5774                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            4843545                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          73108492                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       411028                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       324044      0.44%      0.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     49007131     66.48%     66.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        55125      0.07%     66.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50738      0.07%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      5762949      7.82%     74.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     18521508     25.12%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     73721495                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1805487                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            333346459                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           168291889                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   86501                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4036347                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3746414                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            42700515                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              73721495                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       6.033228                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 6.033228                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.165749                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.165749                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        138916085                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        54047001                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                12                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          27189587                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         22542629                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        43696482                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         389002                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               1350385000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            1350385000.000000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.34218e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          256                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         2559                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       5502358                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        48.739941                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       29.861474                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       86.085471                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     5311716     96.54%     96.54% |      132545      2.41%     98.94% |       52319      0.95%     99.89% |        5596      0.10%    100.00% |         181      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         5502358                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       6313525                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        26.105318                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       23.742990                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       10.922941                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     4352909     68.95%     68.95% |     1927918     30.54%     99.48% |       29272      0.46%     99.95% |        2888      0.05%     99.99% |         459      0.01%    100.00% |          59      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         6313525                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         17954                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.325220                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       21.009621                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.153278                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         616      3.43%      3.43% |        2081     11.59%     15.02% |        8132     45.29%     60.32% |        4277     23.82%     84.14% |        2812     15.66%     99.80% |          34      0.19%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           17954                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          5864067                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           69.759564                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           5.319233                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         261.394216                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     5754563     98.13%     98.13% |       96448      1.64%     99.78% |        9149      0.16%     99.93% |        3025      0.05%     99.98% |         764      0.01%    100.00% |         112      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            5864067                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      5131763                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000702                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000605                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.026646                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5128178     99.93%     99.93% |        3576      0.07%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        5131763                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       732304                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     537.585303                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    293.929729                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    545.022135                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      622800     85.05%     85.05% |       96448     13.17%     98.22% |        9149      1.25%     99.47% |        3025      0.41%     99.88% |         764      0.10%     99.98% |         112      0.02%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        732304                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         18669285                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           17.951014                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.774236                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          98.158155                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    18627918     99.78%     99.78% |       36635      0.20%     99.97% |        3538      0.02%     99.99% |         940      0.01%    100.00% |         210      0.00%    100.00% |          41      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           18669285                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     17635639                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000098                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000085                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.009907                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    17633908     99.99%     99.99% |        1731      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       17635639                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1033646                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     273.037339                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    189.580503                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    324.254650                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      992279     96.00%     96.00% |       36635      3.54%     99.54% |        3538      0.34%     99.88% |         940      0.09%     99.98% |         210      0.02%    100.00% |          41      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1033646                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      7038009                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.528425                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.179040                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      14.358344                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     7037686    100.00%    100.00% |         294      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        7038009                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      6912248                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000538                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6912246    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      6912248                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       125761                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    88.535818                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    76.909382                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    65.969040                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      125438     99.74%     99.74% |         294      0.23%     99.98% |          18      0.01%     99.99% |           8      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       125761                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       293581                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     12.917283                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     4.168712                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    38.698324                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      287276     97.85%     97.85% |        4934      1.68%     99.53% |        1115      0.38%     99.91% |         132      0.04%     99.96% |          65      0.02%     99.98% |          50      0.02%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       293581                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       264941                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000427                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000368                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.020648                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      264828     99.96%     99.96% |         113      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       264941                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        28640                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   104.655482                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    87.349320                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    77.624696                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       22335     77.99%     77.99% |        4934     17.23%     95.21% |        1115      3.89%     99.11% |         132      0.46%     99.57% |          65      0.23%     99.79% |          50      0.17%     99.97% |           8      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        28640                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.422665                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.454469                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.799197                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         623     95.41%     95.41% |          18      2.76%     98.16% |           7      1.07%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           2      0.31%     99.54% |           3      0.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         623    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    77.500000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    64.646849                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    57.754385                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          18     60.00%     60.00% |           7     23.33%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2      6.67%     90.00% |           3     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        12704                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      1264454                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        25364                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    68149                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    67984                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    67934                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    68305                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    68091                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    68071                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    67545                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    68044                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                   9707                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                   9872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   9922                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                   9551                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                   9765                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   9785                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                  10311                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                   9812                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                    20701                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                    20750                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    20839                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                    20497                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                    20718                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                    20629                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                    21463                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                    20889                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                  944435                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                  926628                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                  950577                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                  901040                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                  961929                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                  934025                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                 1037432                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                  979899                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                52395                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                52176                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                52324                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                52455                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                52348                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                52323                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                51873                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                52400                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses               6773                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses               6992                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               6844                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses               6713                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses               6820                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses               6845                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses               7295                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses               6768                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               15754                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               15808                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               15610                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               15850                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits               15743                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               15748                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               15672                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               15644                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses              2934                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses              2880                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses              3078                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses              2838                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses              2945                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses              2940                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses              3016                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses              3044                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                2536887                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                2539858                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                2550703                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                2515643                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                2542112                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                2502521                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                2594878                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                2562453                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               2383523                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               2379074                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               2381891                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               2363161                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               2379470                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               2342543                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               2438611                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               2401569                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               797504                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               804089                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles               832257                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               800050                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               784654                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles               789540                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               810160                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles               825230                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          2383523                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          2379074                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          2381891                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          2363161                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          2379470                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          2342543                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          2438611                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          2401569                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          797504                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          804089                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time          832257                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          800050                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          784654                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time          789540                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          810160                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time          825230                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            2476375                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            2479346                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            2490191                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            2455131                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            2481600                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            2442009                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            2534366                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            2501941                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         258765308                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         258765304                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         258765310                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         258765306                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         258765315                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         258765311                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         258765327                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         258765323                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          2518478                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          2515592                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          2524971                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2491776                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          2505184                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          2487563                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          2576998                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2535420                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0              1593                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0              1618                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0              1599                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0              1560                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0              1586                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0              1576                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0              1608                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0              1564                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              3167                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              3312                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              3094                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              3344                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              3204                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              3328                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              2912                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              3003                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2             10378                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2             11446                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2             10100                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2             11271                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2             10036                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2             11279                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              8353                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              9135                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles          485188                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles          483098                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles          497134                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles          465133                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles          491385                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles          500721                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles          551335                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles          518424                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      335178     25.59%     25.59% |      324969     24.81%     50.40% |      324943     24.81%     75.21% |      324612     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1309702                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      205802     25.93%     25.93% |      195993     24.69%     50.62% |      195996     24.69%     75.31% |      195974     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       793765                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      335203     25.59%     25.59% |      324969     24.81%     50.41% |      324943     24.81%     75.22% |      324612     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1309727                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      211618     25.90%     25.90% |      201815     24.70%     50.60% |      201821     24.70%     75.30% |      201801     24.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       817055                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6000     25.00%     25.00% |        6000     25.00%     50.00% |        6000     25.00%     75.00% |        6000     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24000                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      121184     25.08%     25.08% |      120784     25.00%     50.08% |      120755     24.99%     75.07% |      120446     24.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       483169                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      335178     25.59%     25.59% |      324969     24.81%     50.40% |      324943     24.81%     75.21% |      324612     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1309702                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5816     24.97%     24.97% |        5822     25.00%     49.97% |        5825     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23290                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5816     24.97%     24.97% |        5822     25.00%     49.97% |        5825     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23290                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      205565     25.92%     25.92% |      195815     24.69%     50.62% |      195821     24.69%     75.31% |      195801     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       793002                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         184     25.92%     25.92% |         178     25.07%     50.99% |         175     24.65%     75.63% |         173     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          710                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      121184     25.08%     25.08% |      120784     25.00%     50.08% |      120755     24.99%     75.07% |      120446     24.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       483169                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      335178     25.59%     25.59% |      324969     24.81%     50.40% |      324943     24.81%     75.21% |      324612     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1309702                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      205565     25.92%     25.92% |      195815     24.69%     50.62% |      195821     24.69%     75.31% |      195801     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       793002                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         184     25.92%     25.92% |         178     25.07%     50.99% |         175     24.65%     75.63% |         173     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          710                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         184     25.92%     25.92% |         178     25.07%     50.99% |         175     24.65%     75.63% |         173     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          710                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     5396644     91.94%     91.94% |          17      0.00%     91.94% |       59148      1.01%     92.95% |       59149      1.01%     93.95% |       59148      1.01%     94.96% |       59150      1.01%     95.97% |       59144      1.01%     96.98% |       59143      1.01%     97.98% |       59145      1.01%     98.99% |       59152      1.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      5869840                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     7038071    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      7038071                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    18818882     99.21%     99.21% |           0      0.00%     99.21% |       18688      0.10%     99.31% |       18688      0.10%     99.41% |       18688      0.10%     99.51% |       18688      0.10%     99.61% |       18688      0.10%     99.70% |       18688      0.10%     99.80% |       18688      0.10%     99.90% |       18688      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     18968386                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       17900     99.83%     99.83% |          17      0.09%     99.92% |           1      0.01%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           1      0.01%     99.93% |           5      0.03%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           1      0.01%     99.97% |           6      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        17931                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1297090     67.75%     67.75% |           0      0.00%     67.75% |       77168      4.03%     71.78% |       77156      4.03%     75.81% |       77173      4.03%     79.85% |       77162      4.03%     83.88% |       77174      4.03%     87.91% |       77169      4.03%     91.94% |       77159      4.03%     95.97% |       77177      4.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1914428                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          16     76.19%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           5     23.81%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      260037     35.53%     35.53% |           1      0.00%     35.53% |       58976      8.06%     43.59% |       58972      8.06%     51.65% |       58983      8.06%     59.71% |       58973      8.06%     67.77% |       58977      8.06%     75.82% |       58976      8.06%     83.88% |       58969      8.06%     91.94% |       58983      8.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       731847                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          16     76.19%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           5     23.81%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     1038997     87.42%     87.42% |           0      0.00%     87.42% |       18688      1.57%     88.99% |       18687      1.57%     90.57% |       18688      1.57%     92.14% |       18686      1.57%     93.71% |       18686      1.57%     95.28% |       18686      1.57%     96.86% |       18686      1.57%     98.43% |       18687      1.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1188491                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     1170597     65.48%     65.48% |           0      0.00%     65.48% |       77151      4.32%     69.79% |       77147      4.32%     74.11% |       77158      4.32%     78.42% |       77147      4.32%     82.74% |       77151      4.32%     87.05% |       77150      4.32%     91.37% |       77142      4.31%     95.68% |       77150      4.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1787793                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      259964     35.52%     35.52% |          17      0.00%     35.53% |       58976      8.06%     43.59% |       58972      8.06%     51.64% |       58983      8.06%     59.70% |       58978      8.06%     67.76% |       58977      8.06%     75.82% |       58976      8.06%     83.88% |       58969      8.06%     91.94% |       58983      8.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       731795                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122048    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122048                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      912765     85.93%     85.93% |           0      0.00%     85.93% |       18688      1.76%     87.69% |       18687      1.76%     89.45% |       18688      1.76%     91.20% |       18686      1.76%     92.96% |       18686      1.76%     94.72% |       18686      1.76%     96.48% |       18686      1.76%     98.24% |       18687      1.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1062259                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11060     99.91%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           5      0.05%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           5      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11070                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         509    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          509                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        3713    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         3713                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          35    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           35                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1667     99.64%     99.64% |           0      0.00%     99.64% |           1      0.06%     99.70% |           0      0.00%     99.70% |           1      0.06%     99.76% |           0      0.00%     99.76% |           0      0.00%     99.76% |           0      0.00%     99.76% |           1      0.06%     99.82% |           3      0.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1673                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        7199    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total         7199                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     6912248    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      6912248                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        4657     99.66%     99.66% |          16      0.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         4673                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      121489     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       121499                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     2533159     99.95%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |         160      0.01%     99.96% |         164      0.01%     99.96% |         153      0.01%     99.97% |         158      0.01%     99.97% |         159      0.01%     99.98% |         160      0.01%     99.99% |         167      0.01%     99.99% |         153      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      2534433                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       63127    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        63127                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1920     99.74%     99.74% |           1      0.05%     99.79% |           1      0.05%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           1      0.05%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |           1      0.05%     99.95% |           1      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         1925                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      194935     29.36%     29.36% |           0      0.00%     29.36% |       58617      8.83%     38.19% |       58608      8.83%     47.02% |       58624      8.83%     55.85% |       58615      8.83%     64.68% |       58619      8.83%     73.51% |       58610      8.83%     82.34% |       58618      8.83%     91.17% |       58627      8.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       663873                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2590131    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2590131                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    17838719    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     17838729                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         263    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          263                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      975662     86.81%     86.81% |           0      0.00%     86.81% |       18534      1.65%     88.46% |       18539      1.65%     90.11% |       18534      1.65%     91.76% |       18532      1.65%     93.41% |       18532      1.65%     95.05% |       18540      1.65%     96.70% |       18524      1.65%     98.35% |       18523      1.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1123920                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |        3302     96.32%     96.32% |           0      0.00%     96.32% |          16      0.47%     96.79% |           9      0.26%     97.05% |          14      0.41%     97.46% |          10      0.29%     97.75% |          23      0.67%     98.42% |          19      0.55%     98.98% |          16      0.47%     99.45% |          19      0.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total         3428                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      260037     35.53%     35.53% |           1      0.00%     35.53% |       58976      8.06%     43.59% |       58972      8.06%     51.65% |       58983      8.06%     59.71% |       58973      8.06%     67.77% |       58977      8.06%     75.82% |       58976      8.06%     83.88% |       58969      8.06%     91.94% |       58983      8.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       731847                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          16     76.19%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           5     23.81%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      126197    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       126197                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          35    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           35                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      912800     85.93%     85.93% |           0      0.00%     85.93% |       18688      1.76%     87.69% |       18687      1.76%     89.45% |       18688      1.76%     91.20% |       18686      1.76%     92.96% |       18686      1.76%     94.72% |       18686      1.76%     96.48% |       18686      1.76%     98.24% |       18687      1.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1062294                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        5682     98.42%     98.42% |           0      0.00%     98.42% |          12      0.21%     98.63% |          13      0.23%     98.86% |          12      0.21%     99.06% |          14      0.24%     99.31% |           8      0.14%     99.45% |           7      0.12%     99.57% |           9      0.16%     99.72% |          16      0.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         5773                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          62    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           62                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        4214    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         4214                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     1170597     65.48%     65.48% |           0      0.00%     65.48% |       77151      4.32%     69.79% |       77147      4.32%     74.11% |       77158      4.32%     78.42% |       77147      4.32%     82.74% |       77151      4.32%     87.05% |       77150      4.32%     91.37% |       77142      4.31%     95.68% |       77150      4.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1787793                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3885      3.09%      3.09% |        3725      2.96%      6.05% |        3464      2.75%      8.80% |        3454      2.75%     11.55% |        3613      2.87%     14.42% |        4090      3.25%     17.67% |        3750      2.98%     20.65% |        3350      2.66%     23.32% |        3618      2.88%     26.19% |        5234      4.16%     30.35% |        3966      3.15%     33.51% |        3884      3.09%     36.59% |        3617      2.88%     39.47% |        4422      3.52%     42.98% |        3942      3.13%     46.12% |        3767      2.99%     49.11% |        4173      3.32%     52.43% |        4268      3.39%     55.82% |        3773      3.00%     58.82% |        3367      2.68%     61.50% |        3139      2.50%     63.99% |        3800      3.02%     67.01% |        3587      2.85%     69.86% |        3421      2.72%     72.58% |        3732      2.97%     75.55% |        3846      3.06%     78.61% |        3297      2.62%     81.23% |        4706      3.74%     84.97% |        4112      3.27%     88.24% |        5240      4.17%     92.40% |        5088      4.04%     96.45% |        4468      3.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       125798                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      114296     15.61%     15.61% |       20772      2.84%     18.44% |       18704      2.55%     21.00% |       21402      2.92%     23.92% |       20937      2.86%     26.78% |       19807      2.70%     29.48% |       18237      2.49%     31.97% |       18196      2.48%     34.46% |       20756      2.83%     37.29% |       19036      2.60%     39.89% |       22380      3.06%     42.95% |       20501      2.80%     45.75% |       19007      2.60%     48.34% |       18491      2.52%     50.87% |       18187      2.48%     53.35% |       18190      2.48%     55.84% |       20269      2.77%     58.60% |       18680      2.55%     61.15% |       18867      2.58%     63.73% |       19904      2.72%     66.45% |       19860      2.71%     69.16% |       26164      3.57%     72.73% |       23093      3.15%     75.89% |       19554      2.67%     78.56% |       19489      2.66%     81.22% |       18924      2.58%     83.80% |       18452      2.52%     86.32% |       18169      2.48%     88.80% |       20078      2.74%     91.54% |       19391      2.65%     94.19% |       21157      2.89%     97.08% |       21374      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       732324                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       57705      5.43%      5.43% |       33541      3.16%      8.59% |       30603      2.88%     11.47% |       31618      2.98%     14.45% |       32584      3.07%     17.51% |       29797      2.80%     20.32% |       27738      2.61%     22.93% |       27778      2.61%     25.54% |       30801      2.90%     28.44% |       30783      2.90%     31.34% |       31702      2.98%     34.33% |       30537      2.87%     37.20% |       29293      2.76%     39.96% |       28433      2.68%     42.63% |       29734      2.80%     45.43% |       28432      2.68%     48.11% |       30306      2.85%     50.96% |       29696      2.80%     53.76% |       31097      2.93%     56.69% |       34121      3.21%     59.90% |       34683      3.26%     63.16% |       37258      3.51%     66.67% |       34914      3.29%     69.96% |       33699      3.17%     73.13% |       33993      3.20%     76.33% |       32517      3.06%     79.39% |       34056      3.21%     82.59% |       34145      3.21%     85.81% |       35433      3.34%     89.14% |       35778      3.37%     92.51% |       42320      3.98%     96.50% |       37226      3.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1062321                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           0      0.00%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           1      4.55%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           1      4.55%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           2      9.09%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           5     22.73%     54.55% |           4     18.18%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     18.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      171678      9.60%      9.60% |       54095      3.03%     12.63% |       49093      2.75%     15.37% |       52804      2.95%     18.33% |       53317      2.98%     21.31% |       49322      2.76%     24.07% |       45765      2.56%     26.63% |       45774      2.56%     29.19% |       51357      2.87%     32.06% |       49628      2.78%     34.84% |       53861      3.01%     37.85% |       50841      2.84%     40.69% |       48105      2.69%     43.39% |       46726      2.61%     46.00% |       47693      2.67%     48.67% |       46423      2.60%     51.26% |       50371      2.82%     54.08% |       48179      2.69%     56.78% |       49712      2.78%     59.56% |       53822      3.01%     62.57% |       54317      3.04%     65.60% |       63146      3.53%     69.14% |       57792      3.23%     72.37% |       53035      2.97%     75.34% |       53284      2.98%     78.32% |       51253      2.87%     81.18% |       52316      2.93%     84.11% |       52119      2.92%     87.02% |       55322      3.09%     90.12% |       54973      3.07%     93.19% |       63278      3.54%     96.73% |       58399      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1787800                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       34185      4.31%      4.31% |       24453      3.08%      7.40% |       24471      3.09%     10.48% |       24462      3.09%     13.57% |       24452      3.08%     16.65% |       24451      3.08%     19.74% |       24456      3.08%     22.82% |       24457      3.08%     25.91% |       24482      3.09%     28.99% |       24480      3.09%     32.08% |       24480      3.09%     35.17% |       24488      3.09%     38.26% |       24467      3.09%     41.34% |       24474      3.09%     44.43% |       24470      3.09%     47.52% |       24464      3.09%     50.60% |       24497      3.09%     53.69% |       24481      3.09%     56.78% |       24488      3.09%     59.87% |       24483      3.09%     62.96% |       24470      3.09%     66.04% |       24489      3.09%     69.13% |       24481      3.09%     72.22% |       24471      3.09%     75.31% |       24486      3.09%     78.40% |       24480      3.09%     81.48% |       24473      3.09%     84.57% |       24467      3.09%     87.66% |       24472      3.09%     90.74% |       24458      3.08%     93.83% |       24466      3.09%     96.91% |       24470      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       792824                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       15558      3.22%      3.22% |       15106      3.13%      6.34% |       15118      3.13%      9.47% |       15086      3.12%     12.59% |       15066      3.12%     15.71% |       15028      3.11%     18.82% |       15073      3.12%     21.94% |       15080      3.12%     25.06% |       15117      3.13%     28.19% |       15069      3.12%     31.30% |       15121      3.13%     34.43% |       15074      3.12%     37.55% |       15149      3.13%     40.68% |       15118      3.13%     43.81% |       15113      3.13%     46.94% |       15060      3.12%     50.05% |       15080      3.12%     53.17% |       15101      3.12%     56.30% |       15116      3.13%     59.43% |       15048      3.11%     62.54% |       15093      3.12%     65.66% |       15145      3.13%     68.80% |       15076      3.12%     71.91% |       15045      3.11%     75.03% |       15119      3.13%     78.15% |       15174      3.14%     81.29% |       15109      3.13%     84.42% |       15049      3.11%     87.53% |       15056      3.11%     90.65% |       15092      3.12%     93.77% |       15065      3.12%     96.89% |       15043      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       483347                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       50855      3.88%      3.88% |       40607      3.10%      6.98% |       40635      3.10%     10.09% |       40594      3.10%     13.19% |       40563      3.10%     16.28% |       40524      3.09%     19.38% |       40575      3.10%     22.47% |       40583      3.10%     25.57% |       40645      3.10%     28.68% |       40595      3.10%     31.78% |       40646      3.10%     34.88% |       40607      3.10%     37.98% |       40661      3.10%     41.08% |       40637      3.10%     44.19% |       40628      3.10%     47.29% |       40569      3.10%     50.39% |       40622      3.10%     53.49% |       40628      3.10%     56.59% |       40650      3.10%     59.69% |       40577      3.10%     62.79% |       40609      3.10%     65.89% |       40681      3.11%     69.00% |       40603      3.10%     72.10% |       40561      3.10%     75.20% |       40650      3.10%     78.30% |       40701      3.11%     81.41% |       40628      3.10%     84.51% |       40561      3.10%     87.61% |       40573      3.10%     90.71% |       40596      3.10%     93.80% |       40578      3.10%     96.90% |       40560      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1309702                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       49831      3.90%      3.90% |       39583      3.10%      7.00% |       39611      3.10%     10.10% |       39570      3.10%     13.20% |       39539      3.10%     16.30% |       39500      3.09%     19.39% |       39551      3.10%     22.49% |       39559      3.10%     25.59% |       39621      3.10%     28.69% |       39571      3.10%     31.79% |       39622      3.10%     34.89% |       39583      3.10%     37.99% |       39637      3.10%     41.10% |       39613      3.10%     44.20% |       39604      3.10%     47.30% |       39545      3.10%     50.40% |       39598      3.10%     53.50% |       39604      3.10%     56.60% |       39626      3.10%     59.70% |       39553      3.10%     62.80% |       39585      3.10%     65.90% |       39657      3.11%     69.01% |       39579      3.10%     72.11% |       39537      3.10%     75.20% |       39626      3.10%     78.31% |       39677      3.11%     81.41% |       39604      3.10%     84.51% |       39537      3.10%     87.61% |       39549      3.10%     90.71% |       39572      3.10%     93.81% |       39554      3.10%     96.90% |       39536      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1276934                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          57     20.43%     20.43% |           6      2.15%     22.58% |           9      3.23%     25.81% |           6      2.15%     27.96% |           7      2.51%     30.47% |           3      1.08%     31.54% |           4      1.43%     32.97% |           6      2.15%     35.13% |           6      2.15%     37.28% |           5      1.79%     39.07% |           8      2.87%     41.94% |           5      1.79%     43.73% |           7      2.51%     46.24% |           4      1.43%     47.67% |           5      1.79%     49.46% |           5      1.79%     51.25% |           5      1.79%     53.05% |           6      2.15%     55.20% |           9      3.23%     58.42% |           8      2.87%     61.29% |          23      8.24%     69.53% |          23      8.24%     77.78% |           5      1.79%     79.57% |           6      2.15%     81.72% |           6      2.15%     83.87% |           5      1.79%     85.66% |           6      2.15%     87.81% |           7      2.51%     90.32% |           8      2.87%     93.19% |           7      2.51%     95.70% |           7      2.51%     98.21% |           5      1.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          279                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |           5     23.81%     23.81% |           0      0.00%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           1      4.76%     33.33% |           1      4.76%     38.10% |           0      0.00%     38.10% |           1      4.76%     42.86% |           1      4.76%     47.62% |           1      4.76%     52.38% |           1      4.76%     57.14% |           1      4.76%     61.90% |           1      4.76%     66.67% |           1      4.76%     71.43% |           1      4.76%     76.19% |           1      4.76%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           1      4.76%     90.48% |           1      4.76%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         577      3.27%      3.27% |         516      2.92%      6.19% |         505      2.86%      9.06% |         505      2.86%     11.92% |         505      2.86%     14.78% |         493      2.79%     17.57% |         533      3.02%     20.59% |         547      3.10%     23.69% |         565      3.20%     26.89% |         500      2.83%     29.73% |         557      3.16%     32.88% |         558      3.16%     36.05% |         606      3.43%     39.48% |         584      3.31%     42.79% |         572      3.24%     46.03% |         552      3.13%     49.16% |         576      3.26%     52.42% |         589      3.34%     55.76% |         587      3.33%     59.09% |         532      3.01%     62.10% |         529      3.00%     65.10% |         612      3.47%     68.57% |         552      3.13%     71.69% |         528      2.99%     74.69% |         577      3.27%     77.96% |         635      3.60%     81.55% |         581      3.29%     84.85% |         536      3.04%     87.88% |         506      2.87%     90.75% |         568      3.22%     93.97% |         542      3.07%     97.04% |         522      2.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        17647                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |           5     23.81%     23.81% |           0      0.00%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           1      4.76%     33.33% |           1      4.76%     38.10% |           0      0.00%     38.10% |           1      4.76%     42.86% |           1      4.76%     47.62% |           1      4.76%     52.38% |           1      4.76%     57.14% |           1      4.76%     61.90% |           1      4.76%     66.67% |           1      4.76%     71.43% |           1      4.76%     76.19% |           1      4.76%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           1      4.76%     90.48% |           1      4.76%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      171937      9.58%      9.58% |       54292      3.03%     12.61% |       49295      2.75%     15.36% |       52993      2.95%     18.31% |       53510      2.98%     21.29% |       49518      2.76%     24.05% |       45957      2.56%     26.61% |       45966      2.56%     29.18% |       51552      2.87%     32.05% |       49818      2.78%     34.83% |       54066      3.01%     37.84% |       51033      2.84%     40.68% |       48296      2.69%     43.38% |       46919      2.62%     45.99% |       47888      2.67%     48.66% |       46617      2.60%     51.26% |       50566      2.82%     54.08% |       48370      2.70%     56.77% |       49906      2.78%     59.55% |       54011      3.01%     62.56% |       54528      3.04%     65.60% |       63392      3.53%     69.14% |       58002      3.23%     72.37% |       53247      2.97%     75.34% |       53475      2.98%     78.32% |       51441      2.87%     81.19% |       52508      2.93%     84.11% |       52311      2.92%     87.03% |       55510      3.09%     90.12% |       55169      3.07%     93.20% |       63472      3.54%     96.73% |       58598      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1794163                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         176     11.53%     11.53% |          48      3.15%     14.68% |          44      2.88%     17.56% |          44      2.88%     20.45% |          42      2.75%     23.20% |          42      2.75%     25.95% |          44      2.88%     28.83% |          44      2.88%     31.72% |          44      2.88%     34.60% |          44      2.88%     37.48% |          42      2.75%     40.24% |          42      2.75%     42.99% |          42      2.75%     45.74% |          42      2.75%     48.49% |          42      2.75%     51.25% |          42      2.75%     54.00% |          42      2.75%     56.75% |          44      2.88%     59.63% |          44      2.88%     62.52% |          44      2.88%     65.40% |          44      2.88%     68.28% |          46      3.01%     71.30% |          44      2.88%     74.18% |          42      2.75%     76.93% |          42      2.75%     79.69% |          46      3.01%     82.70% |          44      2.88%     85.58% |          42      2.75%     88.34% |          42      2.75%     91.09% |          44      2.88%     93.97% |          46      3.01%     96.99% |          46      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1526                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         503      3.21%      3.21% |         453      2.89%      6.09% |         439      2.80%      8.89% |         450      2.87%     11.76% |         451      2.87%     14.63% |         430      2.74%     17.37% |         472      3.01%     20.38% |         491      3.13%     23.51% |         505      3.22%     26.73% |         445      2.84%     29.56% |         487      3.10%     32.67% |         498      3.17%     35.84% |         551      3.51%     39.35% |         523      3.33%     42.68% |         510      3.25%     45.93% |         492      3.14%     49.07% |         515      3.28%     52.35% |         532      3.39%     55.74% |         529      3.37%     59.11% |         483      3.08%     62.19% |         474      3.02%     65.21% |         523      3.33%     68.54% |         477      3.04%     71.58% |         451      2.87%     74.46% |         518      3.30%     77.76% |         578      3.68%     81.44% |         523      3.33%     84.78% |         481      3.07%     87.84% |         457      2.91%     90.75% |         510      3.25%     94.00% |         487      3.10%     97.11% |         454      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        15692                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       25583      5.07%      5.07% |       15489      3.07%      8.14% |       15522      3.08%     11.22% |       15465      3.07%     14.29% |       15442      3.06%     17.35% |       15420      3.06%     20.41% |       15428      3.06%     23.47% |       15426      3.06%     26.53% |       15459      3.07%     29.59% |       15470      3.07%     32.66% |       15496      3.07%     35.73% |       15422      3.06%     38.79% |       15436      3.06%     41.85% |       15443      3.06%     44.91% |       15449      3.06%     47.98% |       15415      3.06%     51.03% |       15424      3.06%     54.09% |       15416      3.06%     57.15% |       15444      3.06%     60.21% |       15419      3.06%     63.27% |       15447      3.06%     66.33% |       15458      3.07%     69.40% |       15456      3.06%     72.46% |       15436      3.06%     75.52% |       15446      3.06%     78.59% |       15443      3.06%     81.65% |       15422      3.06%     84.71% |       15410      3.06%     87.76% |       15445      3.06%     90.83% |       15414      3.06%     93.88% |       15410      3.06%     96.94% |       15438      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       504293                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       24769      3.14%      3.14% |       24665      3.12%      6.26% |       24674      3.12%      9.38% |       24679      3.13%     12.51% |       24670      3.12%     15.63% |       24674      3.12%     18.76% |       24675      3.12%     21.88% |       24666      3.12%     25.01% |       24681      3.13%     28.13% |       24680      3.13%     31.26% |       24663      3.12%     34.38% |       24687      3.13%     37.50% |       24674      3.12%     40.63% |       24671      3.12%     43.75% |       24669      3.12%     46.88% |       24662      3.12%     50.00% |       24683      3.13%     53.13% |       24680      3.13%     56.25% |       24677      3.12%     59.38% |       24675      3.12%     62.50% |       24688      3.13%     65.63% |       24700      3.13%     68.75% |       24670      3.12%     71.88% |       24674      3.12%     75.00% |       24686      3.13%     78.13% |       24680      3.13%     81.25% |       24683      3.13%     84.38% |       24670      3.12%     87.50% |       24671      3.12%     90.63% |       24672      3.12%     93.75% |       24681      3.13%     96.88% |       24668      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       789717                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3378      3.07%      3.07% |        3264      2.97%      6.04% |        3018      2.74%      8.78% |        2999      2.73%     11.51% |        3160      2.87%     14.39% |        3655      3.32%     17.71% |        3264      2.97%     20.68% |        2852      2.59%     23.27% |        3112      2.83%     26.10% |        4788      4.35%     30.45% |        3477      3.16%     33.62% |        3383      3.08%     36.69% |        3061      2.78%     39.48% |        3899      3.55%     43.02% |        3428      3.12%     46.14% |        3275      2.98%     49.12% |        3658      3.33%     52.44% |        3734      3.40%     55.84% |        3233      2.94%     58.78% |        2878      2.62%     61.40% |        2662      2.42%     63.82% |        3276      2.98%     66.80% |        3108      2.83%     69.62% |        2968      2.70%     72.32% |        3210      2.92%     75.24% |        3265      2.97%     78.21% |        2771      2.52%     80.73% |        4223      3.84%     84.57% |        3638      3.31%     87.88% |        4723      4.29%     92.17% |        4595      4.18%     96.35% |        4012      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       109967                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |          57     13.07%     13.07% |          21      4.82%     17.89% |          13      2.98%     20.87% |          27      6.19%     27.06% |          10      2.29%     29.36% |          86     19.72%     49.08% |          17      3.90%     52.98% |           7      1.61%     54.59% |           4      0.92%     55.50% |           0      0.00%     55.50% |          13      2.98%     58.49% |           5      1.15%     59.63% |           3      0.69%     60.32% |           4      0.92%     61.24% |          34      7.80%     69.04% |           3      0.69%     69.72% |           8      1.83%     71.56% |           5      1.15%     72.71% |          62     14.22%     86.93% |          18      4.13%     91.06% |           0      0.00%     91.06% |           8      1.83%     92.89% |           3      0.69%     93.58% |           5      1.15%     94.72% |           7      1.61%     96.33% |           0      0.00%     96.33% |           1      0.23%     96.56% |           3      0.69%     97.25% |           5      1.15%     98.39% |           0      0.00%     98.39% |           5      1.15%     99.54% |           2      0.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total          436                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      3.85%      3.85% |           4     15.38%     19.23% |           3     11.54%     30.77% |           2      7.69%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           1      3.85%     42.31% |           1      3.85%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           6     23.08%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           2      7.69%     76.92% |           1      3.85%     80.77% |           1      3.85%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      3.85%     88.46% |           0      0.00%     88.46% |           1      3.85%     92.31% |           1      3.85%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           1      3.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           0      0.00%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           1      4.55%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           1      4.55%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           2      9.09%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           5     22.73%     54.55% |           4     18.18%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     18.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      3.12%      3.12% |           2      6.25%      9.38% |           2      6.25%     15.62% |           2      6.25%     21.88% |           1      3.12%     25.00% |           2      6.25%     31.25% |           3      9.38%     40.62% |           1      3.12%     43.75% |           1      3.12%     46.88% |           2      6.25%     53.12% |           1      3.12%     56.25% |           1      3.12%     59.38% |           2      6.25%     65.62% |           1      3.12%     68.75% |           2      6.25%     75.00% |           1      3.12%     78.12% |           1      3.12%     81.25% |           1      3.12%     84.38% |           2      6.25%     90.62% |           0      0.00%     90.62% |           1      3.12%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           1      3.12%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           1      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           32                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         508      3.24%      3.24% |         454      2.89%      6.13% |         439      2.80%      8.93% |         450      2.87%     11.80% |         451      2.87%     14.67% |         432      2.75%     17.43% |         472      3.01%     20.43% |         490      3.12%     23.56% |         504      3.21%     26.77% |         442      2.82%     29.59% |         488      3.11%     32.70% |         499      3.18%     35.88% |         549      3.50%     39.38% |         522      3.33%     42.70% |         509      3.24%     45.95% |         490      3.12%     49.07% |         513      3.27%     52.34% |         532      3.39%     55.73% |         529      3.37%     59.10% |         480      3.06%     62.16% |         473      3.01%     65.18% |         524      3.34%     68.51% |         479      3.05%     71.57% |         452      2.88%     74.45% |         521      3.32%     77.77% |         579      3.69%     81.46% |         525      3.35%     84.81% |         480      3.06%     87.86% |         455      2.90%     90.76% |         509      3.24%     94.01% |         485      3.09%     97.10% |         455      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        15690                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      3.92%      3.92% |           8      7.84%     11.76% |           7      6.86%     18.63% |           5      4.90%     23.53% |           2      1.96%     25.49% |           5      4.90%     30.39% |           4      3.92%     34.31% |           1      0.98%     35.29% |           1      0.98%     36.27% |           1      0.98%     37.25% |           2      1.96%     39.22% |           3      2.94%     42.16% |           5      4.90%     47.06% |           0      0.00%     47.06% |           4      3.92%     50.98% |           0      0.00%     50.98% |           0      0.00%     50.98% |           2      1.96%     52.94% |          11     10.78%     63.73% |           6      5.88%     69.61% |           3      2.94%     72.55% |           1      0.98%     73.53% |           2      1.96%     75.49% |           2      1.96%     77.45% |           4      3.92%     81.37% |           3      2.94%     84.31% |           3      2.94%     87.25% |           2      1.96%     89.22% |           6      5.88%     95.10% |           1      0.98%     96.08% |           2      1.96%     98.04% |           2      1.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total          102                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       88648     38.96%     38.96% |        5262      2.31%     41.27% |        3168      1.39%     42.66% |        5909      2.60%     45.26% |        5484      2.41%     47.67% |        4301      1.89%     49.56% |        2791      1.23%     50.78% |        2762      1.21%     52.00% |        5292      2.33%     54.32% |        3565      1.57%     55.89% |        6868      3.02%     58.91% |        5073      2.23%     61.14% |        3567      1.57%     62.71% |        3043      1.34%     64.04% |        2703      1.19%     65.23% |        2770      1.22%     66.45% |        4836      2.13%     68.57% |        3258      1.43%     70.01% |        3360      1.48%     71.48% |        4467      1.96%     73.44% |        4413      1.94%     75.38% |       10688      4.70%     80.08% |        7632      3.35%     83.44% |        4112      1.81%     85.24% |        4035      1.77%     87.02% |        3481      1.53%     88.55% |        3029      1.33%     89.88% |        2756      1.21%     91.09% |        4628      2.03%     93.12% |        3977      1.75%     94.87% |        5742      2.52%     97.39% |        5934      2.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       227554                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       32933     12.08%     12.08% |        8872      3.26%     15.34% |        5926      2.17%     17.51% |        6937      2.55%     20.06% |        7914      2.90%     22.96% |        5123      1.88%     24.84% |        3063      1.12%     25.97% |        3112      1.14%     27.11% |        6119      2.25%     29.35% |        6102      2.24%     31.59% |        7039      2.58%     34.17% |        5850      2.15%     36.32% |        4613      1.69%     38.01% |        3762      1.38%     39.39% |        5065      1.86%     41.25% |        3770      1.38%     42.63% |        5623      2.06%     44.70% |        5016      1.84%     46.54% |        6418      2.35%     48.89% |        9445      3.47%     52.36% |        9979      3.66%     56.02% |       12546      4.60%     60.62% |       10244      3.76%     64.38% |        9025      3.31%     67.69% |        9307      3.41%     71.11% |        7836      2.88%     73.98% |        9373      3.44%     77.42% |        9474      3.48%     80.90% |       10761      3.95%     84.85% |       11106      4.07%     88.92% |       17638      6.47%     95.39% |       12558      4.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       272549                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       34183      4.31%      4.31% |       24449      3.08%      7.40% |       24465      3.09%     10.48% |       24458      3.09%     13.57% |       24450      3.08%     16.65% |       24444      3.08%     19.74% |       24451      3.08%     22.82% |       24456      3.09%     25.90% |       24481      3.09%     28.99% |       24478      3.09%     32.08% |       24476      3.09%     35.17% |       24486      3.09%     38.26% |       24464      3.09%     41.34% |       24473      3.09%     44.43% |       24468      3.09%     47.52% |       24463      3.09%     50.60% |       24496      3.09%     53.69% |       24480      3.09%     56.78% |       24484      3.09%     59.87% |       24482      3.09%     62.96% |       24467      3.09%     66.04% |       24484      3.09%     69.13% |       24477      3.09%     72.22% |       24469      3.09%     75.31% |       24485      3.09%     78.40% |       24477      3.09%     81.48% |       24472      3.09%     84.57% |       24465      3.09%     87.66% |       24468      3.09%     90.74% |       24455      3.08%     93.83% |       24464      3.09%     96.91% |       24468      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       792738                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       14980      3.22%      3.22% |       14588      3.13%      6.35% |       14611      3.14%      9.49% |       14580      3.13%     12.62% |       14557      3.13%     15.75% |       14539      3.12%     18.87% |       14542      3.12%     21.99% |       14529      3.12%     25.11% |       14548      3.12%     28.24% |       14567      3.13%     31.37% |       14561      3.13%     34.50% |       14514      3.12%     37.61% |       14540      3.12%     40.74% |       14532      3.12%     43.86% |       14539      3.12%     46.98% |       14505      3.12%     50.10% |       14501      3.11%     53.21% |       14508      3.12%     56.33% |       14525      3.12%     59.45% |       14509      3.12%     62.56% |       14544      3.12%     65.69% |       14515      3.12%     68.80% |       14523      3.12%     71.92% |       14513      3.12%     75.04% |       14537      3.12%     78.16% |       14537      3.12%     81.28% |       14523      3.12%     84.40% |       14508      3.12%     87.52% |       14546      3.12%     90.64% |       14520      3.12%     93.76% |       14518      3.12%     96.88% |       14518      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       465577                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          34      4.80%      4.80% |          24      3.39%      8.18% |          22      3.10%     11.28% |          22      3.10%     14.39% |          21      2.96%     17.35% |          21      2.96%     20.31% |          22      3.10%     23.41% |          22      3.10%     26.52% |          22      3.10%     29.62% |          22      3.10%     32.72% |          21      2.96%     35.68% |          21      2.96%     38.65% |          21      2.96%     41.61% |          21      2.96%     44.57% |          21      2.96%     47.53% |          21      2.96%     50.49% |          21      2.96%     53.46% |          22      3.10%     56.56% |          22      3.10%     59.66% |          22      3.10%     62.76% |          22      3.10%     65.87% |          23      3.24%     69.11% |          22      3.10%     72.21% |          21      2.96%     75.18% |          21      2.96%     78.14% |          23      3.24%     81.38% |          22      3.10%     84.49% |          21      2.96%     87.45% |          21      2.96%     90.41% |          22      3.10%     93.51% |          23      3.24%     96.76% |          23      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          709                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |           5     23.81%     23.81% |           0      0.00%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           1      4.76%     33.33% |           1      4.76%     38.10% |           0      0.00%     38.10% |           1      4.76%     42.86% |           1      4.76%     47.62% |           1      4.76%     52.38% |           1      4.76%     57.14% |           1      4.76%     61.90% |           1      4.76%     66.67% |           1      4.76%     71.43% |           1      4.76%     76.19% |           1      4.76%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           1      4.76%     90.48% |           1      4.76%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      171671      9.60%      9.60% |       54095      3.03%     12.63% |       49093      2.75%     15.37% |       52804      2.95%     18.33% |       53317      2.98%     21.31% |       49322      2.76%     24.07% |       45765      2.56%     26.63% |       45774      2.56%     29.19% |       51357      2.87%     32.06% |       49628      2.78%     34.84% |       53861      3.01%     37.85% |       50841      2.84%     40.69% |       48105      2.69%     43.38% |       46726      2.61%     46.00% |       47693      2.67%     48.67% |       46423      2.60%     51.26% |       50371      2.82%     54.08% |       48179      2.69%     56.78% |       49712      2.78%     59.56% |       53822      3.01%     62.57% |       54317      3.04%     65.60% |       63146      3.53%     69.14% |       57792      3.23%     72.37% |       53035      2.97%     75.34% |       53284      2.98%     78.32% |       51253      2.87%     81.18% |       52316      2.93%     84.11% |       52119      2.92%     87.02% |       55322      3.09%     90.12% |       54973      3.07%     93.19% |       63278      3.54%     96.73% |       58399      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1787793                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           1      1.85%      1.85% |           2      3.70%      5.56% |           4      7.41%     12.96% |           2      3.70%     16.67% |           1      1.85%     18.52% |           5      9.26%     27.78% |           2      3.70%     31.48% |           0      0.00%     31.48% |           0      0.00%     31.48% |           0      0.00%     31.48% |           3      5.56%     37.04% |           1      1.85%     38.89% |           1      1.85%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           2      3.70%     44.44% |           1      1.85%     46.30% |           2      3.70%     50.00% |           5      9.26%     59.26% |           4      7.41%     66.67% |           2      3.70%     70.37% |           1      1.85%     72.22% |           2      3.70%     75.93% |           1      1.85%     77.78% |           2      3.70%     81.48% |           4      7.41%     88.89% |           3      5.56%     94.44% |           2      3.70%     98.15% |           1      1.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          70      3.37%      3.37% |          64      3.08%      6.44% |          68      3.27%      9.71% |          56      2.69%     12.40% |          58      2.79%     15.19% |          57      2.74%     17.93% |          59      2.84%     20.77% |          61      2.93%     23.70% |          65      3.12%     26.83% |          60      2.88%     29.71% |          72      3.46%     33.17% |          61      2.93%     36.11% |          60      2.88%     38.99% |          64      3.08%     42.07% |          65      3.12%     45.19% |          65      3.12%     48.32% |          66      3.17%     51.49% |          61      2.93%     54.42% |          62      2.98%     57.40% |          59      2.84%     60.24% |          76      3.65%     63.89% |         106      5.10%     68.99% |          74      3.56%     72.55% |          80      3.85%     76.39% |          61      2.93%     79.33% |          58      2.79%     82.12% |          61      2.93%     85.05% |          61      2.93%     87.98% |          55      2.64%     90.63% |          63      3.03%     93.65% |          62      2.98%     96.63% |          70      3.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         2080                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          10     27.03%     27.03% |           6     16.22%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |          11     29.73%     72.97% |           6     16.22%     89.19% |           4     10.81%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           37                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           3     17.65%     17.65% |           0      0.00%     17.65% |           0      0.00%     17.65% |           0      0.00%     17.65% |           0      0.00%     17.65% |           0      0.00%     17.65% |           0      0.00%     17.65% |           0      0.00%     17.65% |           0      0.00%     17.65% |           0      0.00%     17.65% |           2     11.76%     29.41% |           0      0.00%     29.41% |           0      0.00%     29.41% |           0      0.00%     29.41% |           0      0.00%     29.41% |           1      5.88%     35.29% |           0      0.00%     35.29% |           0      0.00%     35.29% |           0      0.00%     35.29% |           0      0.00%     35.29% |           0      0.00%     35.29% |           7     41.18%     76.47% |           2     11.76%     88.24% |           1      5.88%     94.12% |           1      5.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           17                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          13     92.86%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       49831      3.90%      3.90% |       39583      3.10%      7.00% |       39611      3.10%     10.10% |       39570      3.10%     13.20% |       39539      3.10%     16.30% |       39500      3.09%     19.39% |       39551      3.10%     22.49% |       39559      3.10%     25.59% |       39621      3.10%     28.69% |       39571      3.10%     31.79% |       39622      3.10%     34.89% |       39583      3.10%     37.99% |       39637      3.10%     41.10% |       39613      3.10%     44.20% |       39604      3.10%     47.30% |       39545      3.10%     50.40% |       39598      3.10%     53.50% |       39604      3.10%     56.60% |       39626      3.10%     59.70% |       39553      3.10%     62.80% |       39585      3.10%     65.90% |       39657      3.11%     69.01% |       39579      3.10%     72.11% |       39537      3.10%     75.20% |       39626      3.10%     78.31% |       39677      3.11%     81.41% |       39604      3.10%     84.51% |       39537      3.10%     87.61% |       39549      3.10%     90.71% |       39572      3.10%     93.81% |       39554      3.10%     96.90% |       39536      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1276934                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          34      4.80%      4.80% |          24      3.39%      8.18% |          22      3.10%     11.28% |          22      3.10%     14.39% |          21      2.96%     17.35% |          21      2.96%     20.31% |          22      3.10%     23.41% |          22      3.10%     26.52% |          22      3.10%     29.62% |          22      3.10%     32.72% |          21      2.96%     35.68% |          21      2.96%     38.65% |          21      2.96%     41.61% |          21      2.96%     44.57% |          21      2.96%     47.53% |          21      2.96%     50.49% |          21      2.96%     53.46% |          22      3.10%     56.56% |          22      3.10%     59.66% |          22      3.10%     62.76% |          22      3.10%     65.87% |          23      3.24%     69.11% |          22      3.10%     72.21% |          21      2.96%     75.18% |          21      2.96%     78.14% |          23      3.24%     81.38% |          22      3.10%     84.49% |          21      2.96%     87.45% |          21      2.96%     90.41% |          22      3.10%     93.51% |          23      3.24%     96.76% |          23      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          709                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          53     62.35%     62.35% |           1      1.18%     63.53% |           3      3.53%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           2      2.35%     69.41% |           0      0.00%     69.41% |           1      1.18%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           2      2.35%     72.94% |           1      1.18%     74.12% |           2      2.35%     76.47% |           2      2.35%     78.82% |           2      2.35%     81.18% |           1      1.18%     82.35% |           1      1.18%     83.53% |           1      1.18%     84.71% |           1      1.18%     85.88% |           2      2.35%     88.24% |           4      4.71%     92.94% |           3      3.53%     96.47% |           2      2.35%     98.82% |           1      1.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           85                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           2      8.70%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           2      8.70%     26.09% |           1      4.35%     30.43% |           5     21.74%     52.17% |           2      8.70%     60.87% |           0      0.00%     60.87% |           0      0.00%     60.87% |           0      0.00%     60.87% |           1      4.35%     65.22% |           1      4.35%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           3     13.04%     82.61% |           2      8.70%     91.30% |           1      4.35%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           1      4.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     15.38%     15.38% |          11     84.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           13                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           4      2.25%      2.25% |           5      2.81%      5.06% |           5      2.81%      7.87% |           5      2.81%     10.67% |           6      3.37%     14.04% |           3      1.69%     15.73% |           3      1.69%     17.42% |           5      2.81%     20.22% |           5      2.81%     23.03% |           4      2.25%     25.28% |           5      2.81%     28.09% |           4      2.25%     30.34% |           5      2.81%     33.15% |           3      1.69%     34.83% |           4      2.25%     37.08% |           4      2.25%     39.33% |           4      2.25%     41.57% |           5      2.81%     44.38% |           6      3.37%     47.75% |           7      3.93%     51.69% |          21     11.80%     63.48% |          21     11.80%     75.28% |           3      1.69%     76.97% |           5      2.81%     79.78% |           5      2.81%     82.58% |           4      2.25%     84.83% |           5      2.81%     87.64% |           5      2.81%     90.45% |           4      2.25%     92.70% |           4      2.25%     94.94% |           5      2.81%     97.75% |           4      2.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          178                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          66      3.47%      3.47% |          59      3.10%      6.57% |          63      3.31%      9.88% |          51      2.68%     12.57% |          52      2.73%     15.30% |          54      2.84%     18.14% |          56      2.94%     21.08% |          56      2.94%     24.03% |          60      3.15%     27.18% |          56      2.94%     30.13% |          67      3.52%     33.65% |          57      3.00%     36.65% |          55      2.89%     39.54% |          61      3.21%     42.74% |          61      3.21%     45.95% |          61      3.21%     49.16% |          62      3.26%     52.42% |          56      2.94%     55.36% |          56      2.94%     58.31% |          52      2.73%     61.04% |          55      2.89%     63.93% |          85      4.47%     68.40% |          71      3.73%     72.13% |          75      3.94%     76.08% |          56      2.94%     79.02% |          54      2.84%     81.86% |          56      2.94%     84.81% |          56      2.94%     87.75% |          51      2.68%     90.43% |          59      3.10%     93.53% |          57      3.00%     96.53% |          66      3.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1902                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         508      3.24%      3.24% |         454      2.89%      6.13% |         439      2.80%      8.93% |         450      2.87%     11.80% |         451      2.87%     14.67% |         432      2.75%     17.43% |         472      3.01%     20.43% |         490      3.12%     23.56% |         504      3.21%     26.77% |         442      2.82%     29.59% |         488      3.11%     32.70% |         499      3.18%     35.88% |         549      3.50%     39.38% |         522      3.33%     42.70% |         509      3.24%     45.95% |         490      3.12%     49.07% |         513      3.27%     52.34% |         532      3.39%     55.73% |         529      3.37%     59.10% |         480      3.06%     62.16% |         473      3.01%     65.18% |         524      3.34%     68.51% |         479      3.05%     71.57% |         452      2.88%     74.45% |         521      3.32%     77.77% |         579      3.69%     81.46% |         525      3.35%     84.81% |         480      3.06%     87.86% |         455      2.90%     90.76% |         509      3.24%     94.01% |         485      3.09%     97.10% |         455      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        15690                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      6.25%      6.25% |           1      6.25%     12.50% |           1      6.25%     18.75% |           0      0.00%     18.75% |           1      6.25%     25.00% |           1      6.25%     31.25% |           1      6.25%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           1      6.25%     50.00% |           1      6.25%     56.25% |           1      6.25%     62.50% |           1      6.25%     68.75% |           1      6.25%     75.00% |           1      6.25%     81.25% |           1      6.25%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      3.12%      3.12% |           2      6.25%      9.38% |           2      6.25%     15.62% |           2      6.25%     21.88% |           1      3.12%     25.00% |           2      6.25%     31.25% |           3      9.38%     40.62% |           1      3.12%     43.75% |           1      3.12%     46.88% |           2      6.25%     53.12% |           1      3.12%     56.25% |           1      3.12%     59.38% |           2      6.25%     65.62% |           1      3.12%     68.75% |           2      6.25%     75.00% |           1      3.12%     78.12% |           1      3.12%     81.25% |           1      3.12%     84.38% |           2      6.25%     90.62% |           0      0.00%     90.62% |           1      3.12%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           1      3.12%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           1      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           32                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       25583      5.07%      5.07% |       15489      3.07%      8.14% |       15522      3.08%     11.22% |       15465      3.07%     14.29% |       15442      3.06%     17.35% |       15420      3.06%     20.41% |       15428      3.06%     23.47% |       15426      3.06%     26.53% |       15459      3.07%     29.59% |       15470      3.07%     32.66% |       15496      3.07%     35.73% |       15422      3.06%     38.79% |       15436      3.06%     41.85% |       15443      3.06%     44.91% |       15449      3.06%     47.98% |       15415      3.06%     51.03% |       15424      3.06%     54.09% |       15416      3.06%     57.15% |       15444      3.06%     60.21% |       15419      3.06%     63.27% |       15447      3.06%     66.33% |       15458      3.07%     69.40% |       15456      3.06%     72.46% |       15436      3.06%     75.52% |       15446      3.06%     78.59% |       15443      3.06%     81.65% |       15422      3.06%     84.71% |       15410      3.06%     87.76% |       15445      3.06%     90.83% |       15414      3.06%     93.88% |       15410      3.06%     96.94% |       15438      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       504293                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         503      3.21%      3.21% |         453      2.89%      6.09% |         439      2.80%      8.89% |         450      2.87%     11.76% |         451      2.87%     14.63% |         430      2.74%     17.37% |         472      3.01%     20.38% |         491      3.13%     23.51% |         505      3.22%     26.73% |         445      2.84%     29.56% |         487      3.10%     32.67% |         498      3.17%     35.84% |         551      3.51%     39.35% |         523      3.33%     42.68% |         510      3.25%     45.93% |         492      3.14%     49.07% |         515      3.28%     52.35% |         532      3.39%     55.74% |         529      3.37%     59.11% |         483      3.08%     62.19% |         474      3.02%     65.21% |         523      3.33%     68.54% |         477      3.04%     71.58% |         451      2.87%     74.46% |         518      3.30%     77.76% |         578      3.68%     81.44% |         523      3.33%     84.78% |         481      3.07%     87.84% |         457      2.91%     90.75% |         510      3.25%     94.00% |         487      3.10%     97.11% |         454      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        15692                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       24769      3.14%      3.14% |       24665      3.12%      6.26% |       24674      3.12%      9.38% |       24679      3.13%     12.51% |       24670      3.12%     15.63% |       24674      3.12%     18.76% |       24675      3.12%     21.88% |       24666      3.12%     25.01% |       24681      3.13%     28.13% |       24680      3.13%     31.26% |       24663      3.12%     34.38% |       24687      3.13%     37.50% |       24674      3.12%     40.63% |       24671      3.12%     43.75% |       24669      3.12%     46.88% |       24662      3.12%     50.00% |       24683      3.13%     53.13% |       24680      3.13%     56.25% |       24677      3.12%     59.38% |       24675      3.12%     62.50% |       24688      3.13%     65.63% |       24700      3.13%     68.75% |       24670      3.12%     71.88% |       24674      3.12%     75.00% |       24686      3.13%     78.13% |       24680      3.13%     81.25% |       24683      3.13%     84.38% |       24670      3.12%     87.50% |       24671      3.12%     90.63% |       24672      3.12%     93.75% |       24681      3.13%     96.88% |       24668      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       789717                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      4.17%      4.17% |           4      8.33%     12.50% |           5     10.42%     22.92% |           3      6.25%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           1      2.08%     31.25% |           1      2.08%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      2.08%     35.42% |           6     12.50%     47.92% |           0      0.00%     47.92% |           2      4.17%     52.08% |           0      0.00%     52.08% |           0      0.00%     52.08% |           0      0.00%     52.08% |           7     14.58%     66.67% |           5     10.42%     77.08% |           1      2.08%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           1      2.08%     81.25% |           1      2.08%     83.33% |           1      2.08%     85.42% |           1      2.08%     87.50% |           5     10.42%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           1      2.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           48                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      171935      9.58%      9.58% |       54288      3.03%     12.61% |       49290      2.75%     15.36% |       52990      2.95%     18.31% |       53510      2.98%     21.29% |       49518      2.76%     24.05% |       45957      2.56%     26.61% |       45966      2.56%     29.18% |       51551      2.87%     32.05% |       49817      2.78%     34.83% |       54066      3.01%     37.84% |       51032      2.84%     40.68% |       48290      2.69%     43.38% |       46919      2.62%     45.99% |       47886      2.67%     48.66% |       46617      2.60%     51.26% |       50566      2.82%     54.08% |       48370      2.70%     56.77% |       49899      2.78%     59.55% |       54006      3.01%     62.56% |       54527      3.04%     65.60% |       63392      3.53%     69.14% |       58002      3.23%     72.37% |       53247      2.97%     75.34% |       53474      2.98%     78.32% |       51440      2.87%     81.19% |       52507      2.93%     84.11% |       52310      2.92%     87.03% |       55505      3.09%     90.12% |       55169      3.07%     93.20% |       63471      3.54%     96.73% |       58598      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1794115                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      7.14%      7.14% |           1      7.14%     14.29% |           1      7.14%     21.43% |           0      0.00%     21.43% |           1      7.14%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           1      7.14%     50.00% |           1      7.14%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |           5     26.32%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           1      5.26%     31.58% |           1      5.26%     36.84% |           1      5.26%     42.11% |           0      0.00%     42.11% |           1      5.26%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           1      5.26%     52.63% |           1      5.26%     57.89% |           1      5.26%     63.16% |           1      5.26%     68.42% |           1      5.26%     73.68% |           0      0.00%     73.68% |           1      5.26%     78.95% |           1      5.26%     84.21% |           1      5.26%     89.47% |           1      5.26%     94.74% |           1      5.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total           19                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       38069     12.03%     12.03% |      158263     50.00%     62.03% |       15154      4.79%     66.81% |       16392      5.18%     71.99% |       14809      4.68%     76.67% |       16191      5.12%     81.79% |       14842      4.69%     86.48% |       16199      5.12%     91.59% |       12889      4.07%     95.67% |       13718      4.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       316526                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       38069     12.03%     12.03% |      158263     50.00%     62.03% |       15154      4.79%     66.81% |       16392      5.18%     71.99% |       14809      4.68%     76.67% |       16191      5.12%     81.79% |       14842      4.69%     86.48% |       16199      5.12%     91.59% |       12889      4.07%     95.67% |       13718      4.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       316526                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       38069     12.03%     12.03% |      158263     50.00%     62.03% |       15154      4.79%     66.81% |       16392      5.18%     71.99% |       14809      4.68%     76.67% |       16191      5.12%     81.79% |       14842      4.69%     86.48% |       16199      5.12%     91.59% |       12889      4.07%     95.67% |       13718      4.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       316526                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       38069     12.03%     12.03% |      158263     50.00%     62.03% |       15154      4.79%     66.81% |       16392      5.18%     71.99% |       14809      4.68%     76.67% |       16191      5.12%     81.79% |       14842      4.69%     86.48% |       16199      5.12%     91.59% |       12889      4.07%     95.67% |       13718      4.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       316526                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
