
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.153884                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                153883741000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5330051819500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  56456                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   107523                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              134725570                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4105444                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1142.20                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    64484187                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     122813434                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     25345536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          25345536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21426496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       21426496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       396024                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             396024                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       334789                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            334789                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    164705744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            164705744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    139238206                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           139238206                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    303943949                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           303943949                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     396025                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    334789                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   396025                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  334789                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              25344832                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                    768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               21426240                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               25345600                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            21426496                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    12                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            24420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            25160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            24723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            25004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            24639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            25028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            25104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            24807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            24711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            24851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           24658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           25188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           24387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           24309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           24472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           24552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            20952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            20829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            20812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            21106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            20764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            21068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            21109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            20984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            21158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            20937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           20870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           20912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           20627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           20895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           20953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           20809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                   150529                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                    19404                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 153883477000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               396025                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              334789                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 204602                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   5928                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   3301                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                    819                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    865                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                    910                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                    915                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                    963                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                    986                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                    947                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                   950                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                   894                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                   879                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                   830                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                   853                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                   798                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                   779                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                   811                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                   774                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                   774                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                   793                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                   767                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                   755                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                   766                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                   775                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                   786                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                   874                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                   914                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                  1038                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  1419                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  2520                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                156028                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  48501                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  50298                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  51627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  52158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  53813                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                  16691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                  22140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                  39561                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       250486                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   186.718236                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   143.959482                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   141.371437                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        93584     37.36%     37.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        69080     27.58%     64.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        70560     28.17%     93.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         8836      3.53%     96.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4703      1.88%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1612      0.64%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          837      0.33%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          565      0.23%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          709      0.28%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       250486                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        49881                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.939075                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    18.969225                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        49873     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        49881                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        49881                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.711674                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.095493                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.536853                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          40198     80.59%     80.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1596      3.20%     83.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         5562     11.15%     94.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2525      5.06%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        49881                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 69343705278                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            76768949028                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1980065000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                   175104.62                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              193854.62                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      164.70                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      139.24                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   164.71                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   139.24                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.46                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  279088                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 201212                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                70.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               60.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    210564.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   65.72                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   26565825750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     5138380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT   122175726750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              949467960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              944077680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              518062875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              515121750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1551217200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1537520400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0           1086164640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1           1083144960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0        10050671280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1        10050671280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        61160099400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        60903053910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        38678741250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        38904219750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0         113994424605                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1         113937809730                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          740.801175                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          740.433259                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     24528192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          24528192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20659072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       20659072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       383253                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             383253                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       322798                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            322798                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    159394305                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            159394305                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    134251168                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           134251168                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    293645474                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           293645474                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     383253                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    322798                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   383253                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  322798                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              24527424                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                    768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               20659072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               24528192                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            20659072                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    12                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            23652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            24354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            23921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            24204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            23868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            24240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            24300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            24042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            23915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            24043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           23830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           24403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           23594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           23501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           23598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           23776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            20203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            20098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            20076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            20366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            20026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            20333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            20350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            20226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            20404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            20183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           20119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           20169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           19885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           20143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           20148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           20069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                   135031                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                    18378                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 153883025000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               383253                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              322798                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 200665                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1822                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   1258                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   1402                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   1553                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   1620                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   1626                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   1557                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   1488                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   1467                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  1412                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  1373                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  1427                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  1375                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  1288                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  1326                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  1253                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  1249                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  1217                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  1220                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  1180                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  1113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  1103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  1078                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                  1125                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                  1152                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  1230                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  1344                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  1446                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  1764                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  2705                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                140403                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  46627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  48556                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  49553                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  50548                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  52239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                  16501                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                  21116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                  37658                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       219563                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   205.798755                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   162.322387                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   145.410625                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        61849     28.17%     28.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        68542     31.22%     59.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        70854     32.27%     91.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         8949      4.08%     95.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5253      2.39%     98.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1761      0.80%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          903      0.41%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          648      0.30%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          804      0.37%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       219563                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        48099                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.967754                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    15.638820                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48093     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        48099                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        48098                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.711131                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.092395                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.541639                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          38534     80.12%     80.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1853      3.85%     83.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         5219     10.85%     94.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2492      5.18%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        48098                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 64383091117                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            71568859867                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1916205000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                   167996.36                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              186746.36                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      159.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      134.25                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   159.39                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   134.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.42                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      3.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  276767                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 209699                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                72.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               64.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    217948.88                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   68.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27041993000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     5138380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT   121699662000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              832991040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              826822080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              454509000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              451143000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1502069400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1487085600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0           1047660480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1           1043966880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0        10050671280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1        10050671280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        60127700580                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        59652602730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        39584354250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        40001106750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0         113599956030                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1         113513398320                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          738.237692                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          737.675190                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     24528000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          24528000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20660480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       20660480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       383250                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             383250                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       322820                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            322820                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    159393058                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            159393058                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    134260318                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           134260318                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    293653376                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           293653376                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     383250                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    322820                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   383250                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  322820                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              24526848                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               20660352                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               24528000                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            20660480                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    18                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            23641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            24326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            23959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            24276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            23867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            24206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            24295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            24028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            23897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            24055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           23838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           24380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           23625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           23444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           23589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           23806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            20199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            20095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            20079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            20371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            20028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            20317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            20360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            20235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            20403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            20192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           20113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           20165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           19885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           20137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           20154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           20085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                   135143                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                    18604                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 153882695500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               383250                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              322820                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 200891                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   1678                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   1356                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   1432                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   1503                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   1583                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   1492                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   1548                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   1530                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   1482                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  1478                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  1436                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  1366                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  1306                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  1348                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  1320                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  1181                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  1152                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  1169                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  1148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  1154                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  1069                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  1054                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  1129                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                  1104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  1140                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  1188                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  1334                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  1502                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  1812                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  2755                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                140592                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  46638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  48541                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  49551                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  50566                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  52262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                  16421                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                  21079                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                  37762                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       218569                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   206.737900                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   163.224599                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   145.311246                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        60980     27.90%     27.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        67593     30.93%     58.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        71479     32.70%     91.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9005      4.12%     95.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5457      2.50%     98.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1755      0.80%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          865      0.40%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          603      0.28%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          832      0.38%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       218569                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        48116                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.964669                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    15.682430                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48110     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        48116                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        48116                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.709161                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.090723                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.541773                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          38574     80.17%     80.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1807      3.76%     83.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         5197     10.80%     94.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2538      5.27%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        48116                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 64349811426                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            71535411426                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1916160000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                   167913.46                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              186663.46                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      159.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      134.26                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   159.39                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   134.26                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.42                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      3.02                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  277146                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 210325                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                72.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               65.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    217942.55                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   69.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27138820250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     5138380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT   121602940750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              830972520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              821333520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              453407625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              448148250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1502217600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1486906200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0           1047679920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1           1044109440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0        10050671280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1        10050671280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        59705461395                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        59242653315                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        39954739500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        40360711500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0         113545149840                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1         113454533505                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          737.881530                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          737.292653                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     24507648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          24507648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20658432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       20658432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       382932                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             382932                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       322788                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            322788                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    159260802                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            159260802                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    134247009                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           134247009                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    293507811                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           293507811                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     382932                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    322788                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   382932                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  322788                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              24507008                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    640                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               20658368                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               24507648                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            20658432                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    10                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            23630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            24327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            23837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            24239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            23815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            24210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            24294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            24030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            23882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            24031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           23901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           24331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           23558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           23453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           23607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           23777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            20198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            20091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            20083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            20359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            20021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            20320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            20360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            20223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            20401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            20190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           20116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           20176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           19888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           20143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           20155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           20063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                   135598                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                    18277                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 153882616000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               382932                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              322788                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 200459                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   1718                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   1392                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   1496                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   1588                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   1574                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   1612                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   1515                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   1457                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   1464                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  1379                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  1371                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  1305                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  1246                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  1210                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  1176                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  1232                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  1216                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  1181                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  1165                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  1124                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  1109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  1103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  1073                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  1060                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  1100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  1194                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  1300                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                  1450                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                  1904                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  2830                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                140919                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  46636                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  48484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  49419                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  50577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  52328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                  16653                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                  21261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                  37430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       217034                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   208.099524                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   164.451664                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   145.835374                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        59734     27.52%     27.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        67367     31.04%     58.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        71427     32.91%     91.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9081      4.18%     95.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5334      2.46%     98.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1722      0.79%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          876      0.40%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          639      0.29%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          854      0.39%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       217034                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        48106                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.959901                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    16.068315                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48100     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        48106                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        48106                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.709911                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.091459                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.541756                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          38545     80.13%     80.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1852      3.85%     83.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         5175     10.76%     94.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2534      5.27%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        48106                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 64620999729                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            71800787229                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1914610000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                   168757.61                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              187507.61                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      159.26                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      134.25                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   159.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   134.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.42                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      3.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  277293                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 211372                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                72.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               65.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    218050.52                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   69.24                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   26225039750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     5138380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT   122516615750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              823707360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              816963840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              449443500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              445764000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1500509400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1486149600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0           1047498480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1           1044057600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0        10050671280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1        10050671280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        59883315930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        59336260425                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        39798726750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        40278600000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0         113553872700                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1         113458466745                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          737.938216                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          737.318213                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1144                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1144                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1424                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1424                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               237                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              237                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5136                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5610                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          788                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4278                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5226                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               187000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              488000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              521524                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              128024                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1856000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          377                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1544192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          377                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size               1024                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket               10239                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               13538847                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 44.995784                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                28.259394                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                88.177825                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    13536315     99.98%     99.98% |        2414      0.02%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 13538847                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     43631396                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.106150                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.661408                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      3.104128                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    41534593     95.19%     95.19% |     1441038      3.30%     98.50% |       46062      0.11%     98.60% |       52055      0.12%     98.72% |       45136      0.10%     98.83% |       63102      0.14%     98.97% |       92988      0.21%     99.18% |      229201      0.53%     99.71% |      127221      0.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      43631396                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            2048                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            20479                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            43631393                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              52.745204                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.784214                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            422.175375                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    43237212     99.10%     99.10% |      237050      0.54%     99.64% |      122781      0.28%     99.92% |       26684      0.06%     99.98% |        3629      0.01%     99.99% |        2660      0.01%    100.00% |        1355      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              43631393                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        41459630                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000136                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000117                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.011891                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    41454068     99.99%     99.99% |        5502      0.01%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          41459630                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        2171763                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean       1002.393995                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       318.415238                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev      1622.240771                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1777582     81.85%     81.85% |      237050     10.92%     92.76% |      122781      5.65%     98.42% |       26684      1.23%     99.65% |        3629      0.17%     99.81% |        2660      0.12%     99.94% |        1355      0.06%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          2171763                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     3145728                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    8519680                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         166679                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       166679                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles         1593                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles         1404                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles         1571                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles         1462                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     26877222                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1313607                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     28190829                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits     14576243                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       127052                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses     14703295                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       474930                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        46141                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       187051                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2130669                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        78028                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           14                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           14                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          218                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        25990                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        26208                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles         9129                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits          215                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        25417                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        25632                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles         8877                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          211                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        25420                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        25631                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles         8988                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          219                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        25989                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        26208                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles         9073                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits          197                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        22843                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        23040                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles         8055                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits          232                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        28567                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        28799                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles         9999                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          193                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        22846                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        23039                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles         8159                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          211                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        25421                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        25632                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles         8983                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits          194                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses        22845                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        23039                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.fully_busy_cycles         8080                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits          191                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses        22847                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        23038                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.fully_busy_cycles         8014                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits          196                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses        22844                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        23040                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.fully_busy_cycles         8108                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits          212                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses        25420                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        25632                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.fully_busy_cycles         9077                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits          221                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses        25986                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        26207                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.fully_busy_cycles         9234                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits          212                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses        25418                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        25630                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.fully_busy_cycles         9054                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits          217                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses        25991                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        26208                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.fully_busy_cycles         9208                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits          214                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses        25416                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        25630                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.fully_busy_cycles         8889                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits          197                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses        22843                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        23040                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.fully_busy_cycles         8101                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits          211                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses        25420                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        25631                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.fully_busy_cycles         9031                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits          195                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses        22844                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        23039                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.fully_busy_cycles         8198                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits          193                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses        22847                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        23040                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.fully_busy_cycles         8191                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits          197                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses        22842                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        23039                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.fully_busy_cycles         8108                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits          199                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses        22841                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        23040                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.fully_busy_cycles         8175                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits          192                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses        22845                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        23037                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.fully_busy_cycles         8151                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits          192                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses        22847                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        23039                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.fully_busy_cycles         8154                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits          196                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses        22844                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        23040                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.fully_busy_cycles         8045                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits          194                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses        22846                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        23040                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.fully_busy_cycles         8126                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits          215                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses        25992                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        26207                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.fully_busy_cycles         9230                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits          194                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses        22844                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        23038                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.fully_busy_cycles         8010                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits          216                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses        25992                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        26208                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.fully_busy_cycles         9186                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits          221                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses        25986                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        26207                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.fully_busy_cycles         9158                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       117945                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        60583                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       178528                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        20164                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        47913                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        68077                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        16828                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        47962                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        64790                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        16227                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        47947                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        64174                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        12588                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        47991                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        60579                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        13428                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        47934                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        61362                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        12529                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        47954                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        60483                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        12900                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        47852                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        60752                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        15307                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        47921                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        63228                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        14941                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        47930                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        62871                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        15790                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        47956                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        63746                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        16479                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        47877                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        64356                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        14435                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        47919                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        62354                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        16276                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        47859                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        64135                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        19070                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        47875                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        66945                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        20133                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        47847                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        67980                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        16210                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        47829                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        64039                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        16861                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        47931                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        64792                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        18413                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        47979                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        66392                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        16305                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        47903                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        64208                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        18423                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        47813                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        66236                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        20361                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        47870                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        68231                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        19327                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        47872                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        67199                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        14190                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        47876                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        62066                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        27414                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        47836                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        75250                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        24902                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        47846                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        72748                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        13614                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        47902                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        61516                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        13693                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        47846                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        61539                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        11048                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        47873                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        58921                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        10851                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        47892                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        58743                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        14522                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        47964                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        62486                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        15133                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        47905                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        63038                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            8                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     21022437                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     21022437                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     21232134                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     21022436                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      8577529                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      8566172                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     21022436                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.068306                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      9036615                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      9036615                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9226970                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9036615                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4106306                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4088575                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      9036615                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.029362                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      6405331                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      6405331                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6556022                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6405331                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2341273                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2335039                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      6405331                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.020812                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      5358023                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      5358023                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5498165                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5358023                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2014002                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2008535                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      5358023                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.017409                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      7683478                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      7683478                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7899800                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7683478                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3230553                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3218394                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      7683478                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.024965                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      8323379                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      8323379                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8655172                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8323379                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3473865                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3455095                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      8323379                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.027044                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      8751665                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      8751665                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8942603                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8751665                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3154384                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3144377                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      8751665                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.028436                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      5910162                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      5910162                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6100361                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5910162                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2284457                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2273798                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      5910162                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.019203                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      3554395                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      3554395                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3638542                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3554395                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1369108                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1364123                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      3554395                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.011549                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      4744685                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      4744685                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4857724                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4744685                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2015683                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2008901                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      4744685                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.015416                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      4105571                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      4105571                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4227159                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4105571                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1597030                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1590735                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      4105571                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.013340                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      3833304                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      3833304                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3924255                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3833304                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1438393                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1432840                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      3833304                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.012455                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      5286185                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      5286185                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5401638                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5286185                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2187486                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2180613                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      5286185                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.017176                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      4360704                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      4360704                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4487901                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4360704                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1675872                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1668896                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      4360704                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.014169                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      2673088                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      2673088                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2752302                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2673088                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1055274                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1048484                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      2673088                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.008685                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      3951578                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      3951578                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4087819                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3951578                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1542956                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1533462                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      3951578                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.012839                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      5061547                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      5061547                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5187600                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5061547                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1908386                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1900539                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      5061547                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.016446                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      4145793                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      4145793                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4278559                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4145793                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1625380                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1617569                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      4145793                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.013471                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      4250871                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      4250871                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4414408                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4250871                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1653567                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1642979                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      4250871                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.013812                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      2729019                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      2729019                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2807767                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2729019                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1075586                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1069843                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      2729019                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.008867                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      2100221                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      2100221                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2126389                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2100221                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       842054                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       840641                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      2100221                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.006824                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2866916                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2866916                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2917171                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2866916                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1208531                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1206324                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2866916                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.009315                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      2638112                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      2638112                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2694590                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2638112                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1061588                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1059248                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      2638112                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.008572                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1766322                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1766322                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1797215                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1766322                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       698833                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       697078                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1766322                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.005739                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      2059906                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      2059906                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2089334                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2059906                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       796269                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       794794                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      2059906                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.006693                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      2845362                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      2845362                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2894133                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2845362                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1188889                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1186574                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      2845362                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.009245                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      2598502                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      2598502                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2657417                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2598502                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1036926                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1034638                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      2598502                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.008443                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1789117                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1789117                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1813117                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1789117                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       706597                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       705277                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1789117                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.005813                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      7822160                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      7822160                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8320964                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7822160                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2902294                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2887836                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      7822160                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.025416                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      8127033                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      8127033                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8514651                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8127033                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3002589                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2991565                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      8127033                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.026406                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      8308193                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      8308193                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8896291                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8308193                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3118331                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3098925                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      8308193                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.026995                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      8735691                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      8735691                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9286538                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8735691                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3281899                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3263419                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      8735691                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.028384                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    12680176     28.95%     28.95% |    29000867     66.21%     95.16% |     2121798      4.84%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     43802841                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    12680178     28.95%     28.95% |    29000868     66.21%     95.16% |     2121798      4.84%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     43802844                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   478579560                       |   718713235                       |    49354928                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   572732183                       |   121292042                       |     2121798                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   37.742344                       |   24.782474                       |   23.260899                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   45.167526                       |    4.182359                       |           1                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    28.460431                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    15.892714                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         44.353145                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002286                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.053050      7.54%      7.54% |    0.052978      7.53%     15.06% |    0.051601      7.33%     22.39% |    0.051646      7.34%     29.73% |    0.114804     16.31%     46.04% |    0.114752     16.30%     62.34% |    0.114709     16.30%     78.64% |    0.114609     16.28%     94.92% |    0.008946      1.27%     96.19% |    0.008947      1.27%     97.46% |    0.008948      1.27%     98.73% |    0.008946      1.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.703935                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.017550                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.027821                       |    0.000000                       |    0.000498                       |    0.000481                       |    0.000482                       |    0.000496                       |    0.000434                       |    0.000542                       |    0.000433                       |    0.000482                       |    0.000433                       |    0.000436                       |    0.000432                       |    0.000482                       |    0.000492                       |    0.000482                       |    0.000493                       |    0.000481                       |    0.000435                       |    0.000481                       |    0.000432                       |    0.000434                       |    0.000433                       |    0.000433                       |    0.000434                       |    0.000434                       |    0.000435                       |    0.000438                       |    0.000493                       |    0.000437                       |    0.000496                       |    0.000492                       |    0.004524                       |    0.002138                       |    0.002027                       |    0.002021                       |    0.002011                       |    0.002006                       |    0.001959                       |    0.001957                       |    0.002030                       |    0.002035                       |    0.002074                       |    0.002062                       |    0.001993                       |    0.002005                       |    0.001990                       |    0.001995                       |    0.002043                       |    0.002036                       |    0.002055                       |    0.002067                       |    0.002063                       |    0.002116                       |    0.002137                       |    0.002060                       |    0.002075                       |    0.002106                       |    0.002064                       |    0.002098                       |    0.002140                       |    0.002116                       |    0.002273                       |    0.002226                       |    0.007715                       |    0.007465                       |    0.007465                       |    0.007459                       |    0.000079                       |           0                       |    0.000423                       |    0.000966                       |    0.000020                       |    0.000020                       |    0.000019                       |    0.000020                       |    0.000017                       |    0.000022                       |    0.000016                       |    0.000019                       |    0.000017                       |    0.000017                       |    0.000017                       |    0.000018                       |    0.000019                       |    0.000018                       |    0.000019                       |    0.000019                       |    0.000017                       |    0.000018                       |    0.000016                       |    0.000017                       |    0.000017                       |    0.000016                       |    0.000017                       |    0.000017                       |    0.000017                       |    0.000016                       |    0.000019                       |    0.000018                       |    0.000019                       |    0.000020                       |    0.000444                       |    0.002200                       |    0.000080                       |           0                       |    0.000016                       |    0.002481                       |    0.001604                       |    0.000444                       |    0.002143                       |    0.000016                       |    0.002689                       |    0.004624                       |    0.001632                       |    0.000505                       |    0.002274                       |    0.006842                       |    0.000019                       |    0.005142                       |    0.008146                       |    0.002487                       |    0.000506                       |    0.002139                       |    0.000020                       |    0.005266                       |    0.003788                       |    0.009093                       |    0.000494                       |    0.002123                       |    0.000020                       |    0.007696                       |    0.004468                       |    0.002608                       |    0.000445                       |    0.002239                       |    0.006603                       |    0.000018                       |    0.008698                       |    0.005104                       |    0.003300                       |    0.000445                       |    0.002183                       |    0.000017                       |    0.004596                       |    0.002653                       |    0.002562                       |    0.000444                       |    0.002211                       |    0.000017                       |    0.002415                       |    0.001606                       |    0.000444                       |    0.002247                       |    0.000017                       |    0.001545                       |    0.002457                       |    0.002606                       |    0.000494                       |    0.002138                       |    0.000019                       |    0.001446                       |    0.004196                       |    0.004646                       |    0.002478                       |    0.000494                       |    0.002118                       |    0.000019                       |    0.005159                       |    0.007854                       |    0.005739                       |    0.003583                       |    0.027717                       |    0.003985                       |    0.000423                       |    0.002426                       |    0.013533                       |    0.016869                       |    0.003353                       |    0.000000                       |    0.002244                       |    0.000966                       |    0.002400                       |    0.006264                       |    0.014079                       |    0.003408                       |    0.000506                       |    0.002110                       |    0.000020                       |    0.007308                       |    0.004847                       |    0.007882                       |    0.004371                       |    0.000444                       |    0.002116                       |    0.000017                       |    0.002420                       |    0.004556                       |    0.004171                       |    0.003452                       |    0.000444                       |    0.002239                       |    0.000017                       |    0.001515                       |    0.002447                       |    0.002583                       |    0.000444                       |    0.002255                       |    0.000017                       |    0.000949                       |    0.002477                       |    0.002431                       |    0.000444                       |    0.002182                       |    0.000017                       |    0.000938                       |    0.002698                       |    0.004665                       |    0.002397                       |    0.000506                       |    0.002409                       |    0.006603                       |    0.000019                       |    0.001788                       |    0.005166                       |    0.008113                       |    0.002391                       |    0.000444                       |    0.002076                       |    0.000017                       |    0.014443                       |    0.005299                       |    0.003713                       |    0.002444                       |    0.000555                       |    0.002083                       |    0.000022                       |    0.001933                       |    0.007756                       |    0.004425                       |    0.002428                       |    0.000505                       |    0.002337                       |    0.006601                       |    0.000020                       |    0.002587                       |    0.008807                       |    0.005110                       |    0.002417                       |    0.000494                       |    0.002119                       |    0.000018                       |    0.001841                       |    0.004565                       |    0.002661                       |    0.002470                       |    0.000444                       |    0.002203                       |    0.000017                       |    0.000911                       |    0.002407                       |    0.002460                       |    0.000444                       |    0.002198                       |    0.000016                       |    0.000682                       |    0.002399                       |    0.000505                       |    0.002116                       |    0.000019                       |    0.000696                       |    0.000800                       |    0.004550                       |    0.000494                       |    0.002118                       |    0.000018                       |    0.003195                       |    0.001388                       |    0.005626                       |    0.000505                       |    0.002163                       |    0.000019                       |    0.006804                       |    0.003403                       |    0.003552                       |    0.000494                       |    0.002155                       |    0.000019                       |    0.000754                       |    0.005822                       |    0.004227                       |    0.000444                       |    0.002184                       |    0.000017                       |    0.004826                       |    0.004954                       |    0.001388                       |    0.000494                       |    0.002198                       |    0.000018                       |    0.000695                       |    0.004662                       |    0.000800                       |    0.000445                       |    0.002226                       |    0.000016                       |    0.000683                       |    0.002443                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.703935                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        14464959                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     14464959                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       694936                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     11816372                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        11161615                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     94.458900                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          570672                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29678                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             14654481                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              95042                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            22431144                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            188703                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         14749523                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        22619847                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  37085625                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  283745                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              37369370                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits             14710478                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses              10097                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses         14720575                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                  14710478                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                   10097                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses              14720575                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                300940827                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     47147224                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               76050349                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            14464959                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     11732287                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             247621347                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         1521614                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             147776                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       207181                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       373657                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         2942                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       347779                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          14709873                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        341372                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            4328                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    296608713                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.503611                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.704550                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        265908879     89.65%     89.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          5806743      1.96%     91.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1710678      0.58%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1353971      0.46%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          4952454      1.67%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          5249462      1.77%     96.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1184523      0.40%     96.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           614745      0.21%     96.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          9827258      3.31%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    296608713                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.048066                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.252709                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         28191009                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     243846875                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          17706720                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       6103295                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         760807                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      141365871                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         760807                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         30911542                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       151399186                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     16943060                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          20791697                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      75802414                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      138064062                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         89447                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        2699140                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         534577                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       70992017                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    150388173                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     311335061                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    187006152                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           74                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     132706310                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         17681848                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       443204                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       447731                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          41447282                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      7843727                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     22991122                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1009274                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       773158                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          135243726                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       572271                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         139388985                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       294460                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12599811                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     17047462                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       141893                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    296608713                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.469942                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.212579                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    239723561     80.82%     80.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22402747      7.55%     88.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13681642      4.61%     92.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8634799      2.91%     95.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3415647      1.15%     97.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3974660      1.34%     98.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3730163      1.26%     99.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       562261      0.19%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       483233      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    296608713                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          123957      8.84%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         954467     68.05%     76.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        324153     23.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       504834      0.36%      0.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     101130315     72.55%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        63749      0.05%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52325      0.04%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14871795     10.67%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     22765967     16.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      139388985                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.463177                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1402577                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.010062                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    577083665                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    148425583                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    130229493                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           55                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          136                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           20                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      140286700                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              28                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1505682                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1341258                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2779                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        10060                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1075054                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1820                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      8233771                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         760807                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5615169                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     142714550                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    135815997                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       105772                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       7843727                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     22991122                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       563178                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          98599                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     142479387                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        10060                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       407031                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       369040                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       776071                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     138088285                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      14643832                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1017507                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             37114064                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         12110360                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           22470232                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.458855                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              130370682                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             130229513                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          77933630                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         112048525                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.432741                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.695535                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12929549                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       430378                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       707743                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    294381835                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417191                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.205816                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    245320910     83.33%     83.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19163131      6.51%     89.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10977541      3.73%     93.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     10784864      3.66%     97.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2235890      0.76%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       498215      0.17%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2390327      0.81%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       523627      0.18%     99.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2487330      0.84%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    294381835                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     64484186                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      122813431                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               28418532                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               6502465                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5773                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           11404513                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         122240952                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       488613                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       217996      0.18%      0.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     94063677     76.59%     76.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        62387      0.05%     76.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50839      0.04%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      6502465      5.29%     82.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     21916067     17.85%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total    122813431                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       2487330                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            427429382                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           273725369                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   88190                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4332114                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              6826231                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            64484186                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             122813431                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.666893                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.666893                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.214275                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.214275                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        190460866                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        95055180                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                20                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          60432940                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         45326507                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        61863645                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         444951                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               2453060500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            2453060500.000000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.34218e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size         1024                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket        10239                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       6180990                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        67.256775                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       34.535134                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      126.269559                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     6178458     99.96%     99.96% |        2414      0.04%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         6180990                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       7277940                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        26.293617                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       23.874986                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       12.146924                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     7273252     99.94%     99.94% |        3446      0.05%     99.98% |         864      0.01%     99.99% |         272      0.00%    100.00% |          74      0.00%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         7277940                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size           16                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket          159                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         79917                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        26.455147                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       24.142362                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev       10.817598                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |       10669     13.35%     13.35% |       42261     52.88%     66.23% |       23958     29.98%     96.21% |        2975      3.72%     99.93% |          53      0.07%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           79917                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         20479                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          6150850                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           86.688817                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           4.189942                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         554.955709                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     6053756     98.42%     98.42% |       60048      0.98%     99.40% |       28361      0.46%     99.86% |        6387      0.10%     99.96% |        1344      0.02%     99.98% |         621      0.01%     99.99% |         328      0.01%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            6150850                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      5701786                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000639                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000551                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.025373                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5698149     99.94%     99.94% |        3633      0.06%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        5701786                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       449064                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean    1149.281414                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    290.648058                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev   1732.147678                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      351970     78.38%     78.38% |       60048     13.37%     91.75% |       28361      6.32%     98.07% |        6387      1.42%     99.49% |        1344      0.30%     99.79% |         621      0.14%     99.93% |         328      0.07%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        449064                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         20479                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         22450863                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           76.115491                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.202804                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         509.311550                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    22153844     98.68%     98.68% |      176963      0.79%     99.47% |       94403      0.42%     99.89% |       20287      0.09%     99.98% |        2283      0.01%     99.99% |        2039      0.01%    100.00% |        1027      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           22450863                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     20883355                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000091                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000078                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.009999                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    20881532     99.99%     99.99% |        1767      0.01%    100.00% |          38      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       20883355                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1567508                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean    1050.206128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    375.027947                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev   1641.705661                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |     1270489     81.05%     81.05% |      176963     11.29%     92.34% |       94403      6.02%     98.36% |       20287      1.29%     99.66% |        2283      0.15%     99.80% |        2039      0.13%     99.93% |        1027      0.07%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1567508                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples     14703293                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        3.764063                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.085509                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      13.867895                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |    14703185    100.00%    100.00% |          42      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total       14703293                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples     14576243                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000370                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14576241    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total     14576243                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       127050                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    91.423723                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    77.563477                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev   120.439335                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      126942     99.91%     99.91% |          42      0.03%     99.95% |          24      0.02%     99.97% |          14      0.01%     99.98% |           9      0.01%     99.99% |           7      0.01%     99.99% |          10      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       127050                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       325081                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     12.084151                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     4.019520                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    38.915065                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      324963     99.96%     99.96% |         116      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       325081                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       296968                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000337                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000291                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.018347                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      296868     99.97%     99.97% |         100      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       296968                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        28113                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   108.039839                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    88.274862                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    86.211547                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       27995     99.58%     99.58% |         116      0.41%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        28113                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.033691                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.415886                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    18.368971                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         625     95.71%     95.71% |          19      2.91%     98.62% |           5      0.77%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           2      0.31%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         625    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    73.750000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    61.948683                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    56.388615                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          19     67.86%     67.86% |           5     17.86%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           2      7.14%     92.86% |           1      3.57%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        13046                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      4219458                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       117283                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    14076                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                     9103                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    11222                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    11488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    11149                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    11450                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    14086                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                     9160                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                    11204                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                     9143                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   14030                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   11451                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                   11159                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                    9146                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                   11211                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   11472                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                   11249                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                    9135                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                   11234                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                    9136                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                   11163                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                    9080                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                   11212                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                   11451                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_hits                   14082                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_hits                    9146                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_hits                   11218                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_hits                   11467                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_hits                   14090                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_hits                    9131                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_hits                   11234                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_hits                   11478                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_hits                   11211                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_hits                    9165                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_hits                   11184                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_hits                   11478                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_hits                   11191                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_hits                    9101                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_hits                   11170                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_hits                    9113                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_hits                   11239                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_hits                    9063                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_hits                   11200                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_hits                    9141                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_hits                   11201                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_hits                    9070                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_hits                   11204                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_hits                    9073                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_hits                   11216                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_hits                    9162                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_hits                   11186                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_hits                    9113                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_hits                   14050                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_hits                    9111                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_hits                   11192                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_hits                    9152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_hits                   14059                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_hits                    9112                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_hits                   14094                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_hits                    9088                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                   1796                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                   1297                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   1482                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                   1504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                   1555                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   1542                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                   1786                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                   1240                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                   1500                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                   1257                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                  1842                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                  1541                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                  1545                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                  1254                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                  1493                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                  1520                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                  1455                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                  1265                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                  1470                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                  1264                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                  1541                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                  1320                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                  1492                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                  1541                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_misses                  1790                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_misses                  1254                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_misses                  1486                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_misses                  1525                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_misses                  1782                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_misses                  1269                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_misses                  1470                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_misses                  1514                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_misses                  1493                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_misses                  1235                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_misses                  1520                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_misses                  1514                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_misses                  1513                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_misses                  1299                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_misses                  1534                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_misses                  1287                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_misses                  1465                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_misses                  1337                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_misses                  1504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_misses                  1259                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_misses                  1503                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_misses                  1330                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_misses                  1500                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_misses                  1327                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_misses                  1488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_misses                  1238                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_misses                  1518                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_misses                  1287                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_misses                  1822                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_misses                  1289                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_misses                  1512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_misses                  1248                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_misses                  1813                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_misses                  1288                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_misses                  1778                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_misses                  1312                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                     9030                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                     6222                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                     7165                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                     7569                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                     7215                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                     7782                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                     9038                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                     6117                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                     7272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                     6138                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                    9027                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                    7605                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                    7412                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                    6257                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                    7289                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                    7693                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                    7334                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                    6212                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                    7254                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                    6155                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                    7321                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                    6185                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                    7361                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                    7792                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshrhits                    9319                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshrhits                    6175                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshrhits                    7315                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshrhits                    7800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshrhits                    9150                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshrhits                    6267                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshrhits                    7189                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshrhits                    7711                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.mshrhits                    7387                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.mshrhits                    6182                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.mshrhits                    7343                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.mshrhits                    7850                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.mshrhits                    7428                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.mshrhits                    6289                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.mshrhits                    7415                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.mshrhits                    6250                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.mshrhits                    7299                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.mshrhits                    6279                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.mshrhits                    7447                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.mshrhits                    6312                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.mshrhits                    7385                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.mshrhits                    6225                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.mshrhits                    7368                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.mshrhits                    6231                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.mshrhits                    7241                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.mshrhits                    6167                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.mshrhits                    7381                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.mshrhits                    6257                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.mshrhits                    9206                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.mshrhits                    6227                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.mshrhits                    7290                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.mshrhits                    6042                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.mshrhits                    9212                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.mshrhits                    6203                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.mshrhits                    9106                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.mshrhits                    6198                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                15872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                10400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                12704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                12992                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                12704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                12992                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                15872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                10400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses                12704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                10400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               15872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               12992                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses               12704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses               10400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses               12704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               12992                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses               12704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses               10400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses               12704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses               10400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses               12704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses               10400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses               12704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses               12992                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_accesses               15872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_accesses               10400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_accesses               12704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_accesses               12992                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_accesses               15872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_accesses               10400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_accesses               12704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_accesses               12992                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_accesses               12704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_accesses               10400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_accesses               12704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_accesses               12992                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_accesses               12704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_accesses               10400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_accesses               12704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_accesses               10400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_accesses               12704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_accesses               10400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_accesses               12704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_accesses               10400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_accesses               12704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_accesses               10400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_accesses               12704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_accesses               10400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_accesses               12704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_accesses               10400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_accesses               12704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_accesses               10400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_accesses               15872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_accesses               10400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_accesses               12704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_accesses               10400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_accesses               15872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_accesses               10400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_accesses               15872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_accesses               10400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 1794726                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles            140344934907629                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles            140344935200525                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                 1490023                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                 1705670                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                32298433                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles               365651093                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles               365288072                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles               365605390                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles               365289500                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles              365636155                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles              365337396                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles              365616420                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles              365330350                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles              365603673                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles              365351881                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles              365570989                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles              365345981                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles              365621944                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles              365315976                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles              365589320                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles              365329400                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles              365596691                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles              365382896                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlbCycles              365708799                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlbCycles              365350697                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlbCycles              365631567                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlbCycles              365390070                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlbCycles              365674567                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlbCycles              365316610                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlbCycles              365575804                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlbCycles              365418217                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlbCycles              365651534                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlbCycles              365385106                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlbCycles              365680404                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlbCycles              365437865                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlbCycles              365730164                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlbCycles              365414718                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlbCycles              365719359                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlbCycles              365440187                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlbCycles              365719794                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlbCycles              365424917                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlbCycles              365751253                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlbCycles              365419744                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlbCycles              365710441                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlbCycles              365426247                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlbCycles              365691871                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlbCycles              365419214                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlbCycles              365685799                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlbCycles              365376887                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlbCycles              365736155                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlbCycles              365408011                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlbCycles              365784020                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlbCycles              365422664                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlbCycles              365684168                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlbCycles              365325450                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlbCycles              365813433                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlbCycles              365458550                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlbCycles              365797023                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlbCycles              365484094                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                    4592                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                    2656                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                    3680                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                    3312                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                    3680                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                    3312                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                    4592                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                    2656                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                    3680                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                    2656                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                   4592                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                   3312                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                   3680                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                   2656                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                   3680                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                   3312                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                   3680                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                   2656                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                   3680                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                   2656                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                   3680                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                   2656                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                   3680                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                   3312                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_reads                   4592                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_reads                   2649                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_reads                   3680                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_reads                   3312                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_reads                   4592                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_reads                   2656                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_reads                   3680                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_reads                   3312                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_reads                   3680                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_reads                   2656                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_reads                   3680                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_reads                   3312                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_reads                   3680                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_reads                   2649                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_reads                   3680                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_reads                   2656                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_reads                   3680                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_reads                   2649                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_reads                   3680                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_reads                   2656                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_reads                   3680                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_reads                   2649                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_reads                   3680                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_reads                   2656                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_reads                   3680                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_reads                   2649                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_reads                   3680                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_reads                   2649                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_reads                   4592                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_reads                   2649                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_reads                   3680                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_reads                   2656                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_reads                   4592                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_reads                   2656                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_reads                   4592                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_reads                   2656                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  11280                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   7744                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                   9024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                   9680                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   9024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                   9680                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  11280                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   7744                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                   9024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                   7744                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                 11280                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                  9680                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  9024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                  7744                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                  9024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                  9680                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                  9024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                  7744                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                  9024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                  7744                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                  9024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                  7744                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                  9024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                  9680                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_writes                 11280                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_writes                  7751                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_writes                  9024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_writes                  9680                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_writes                 11280                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_writes                  7744                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_writes                  9024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_writes                  9680                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_writes                  9024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_writes                  7744                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_writes                  9024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_writes                  9680                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_writes                  9024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_writes                  7751                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_writes                  9024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_writes                  7744                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_writes                  9024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_writes                  7751                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_writes                  9024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_writes                  7744                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_writes                  9024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_writes                  7751                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_writes                  9024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_writes                  7744                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_writes                  9024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_writes                  7751                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_writes                  9024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_writes                  7751                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_writes                 11280                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_writes                  7751                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_writes                  9024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_writes                  7744                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_writes                 11280                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_writes                  7744                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_writes                 11280                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_writes                  7744                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                 4003                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                 2308                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                 3186                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                 2931                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                 3148                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                 2924                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                 3978                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                 2350                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                 3169                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 2338                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits                3982                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits                2913                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits                3156                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits                2333                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits                3191                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits                2923                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits                3184                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits                2333                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits                3195                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits                2326                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits                3136                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits                2311                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits                3183                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits                2916                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readhits                4023                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readhits                2314                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readhits                3183                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readhits                2916                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readhits                4035                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readhits                2317                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readhits                3204                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readhits                2932                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readhits                3180                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readhits                2344                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readhits                3164                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readhits                2940                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readhits                3153                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readhits                2311                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readhits                3140                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readhits                2319                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_readhits                3198                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_readhits                2302                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_readhits                3161                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_readhits                2330                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_readhits                3175                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_readhits                2296                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_readhits                3169                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_readhits                2317                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_readhits                3193                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_readhits                2332                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_readhits                3175                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_readhits                2315                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_readhits                3961                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_readhits                2308                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_readhits                3188                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_readhits                2353                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_readhits                3994                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_readhits                2328                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_readhits                4004                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_readhits                2289                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                589                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                348                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses                494                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses                381                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                532                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses                388                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses                614                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses                306                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses                511                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses                318                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses               610                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses               399                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses               524                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses               323                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses               489                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses               389                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses               496                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses               323                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses               485                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses               330                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses               544                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses               345                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses               497                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses               396                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readmisses               569                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readmisses               335                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readmisses               497                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readmisses               396                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readmisses               557                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readmisses               339                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readmisses               476                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readmisses               380                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readmisses               500                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readmisses               312                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readmisses               516                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readmisses               372                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readmisses               527                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readmisses               338                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readmisses               540                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readmisses               337                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_readmisses               482                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_readmisses               347                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_readmisses               519                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_readmisses               326                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_readmisses               505                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_readmisses               353                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_readmisses               511                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_readmisses               339                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_readmisses               487                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_readmisses               317                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_readmisses               505                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_readmisses               334                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_readmisses               631                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_readmisses               341                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_readmisses               492                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_readmisses               303                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_readmisses               598                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_readmisses               328                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_readmisses               588                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_readmisses               367                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               10073                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                6795                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                8036                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                8557                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                8001                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                8526                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               10108                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                6810                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits                8035                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                6805                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits              10048                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits               8538                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               8003                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               6813                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits               8020                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits               8549                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits               8065                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits               6802                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits               8039                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits               6810                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits               8027                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits               6769                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               8029                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits               8535                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writehits              10059                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writehits               6832                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writehits               8035                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writehits               8551                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writehits              10055                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writehits               6814                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writehits               8030                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writehits               8546                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writehits               8031                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writehits               6821                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writehits               8020                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writehits               8538                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writehits               8038                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writehits               6790                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writehits               8030                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writehits               6794                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_writehits               8041                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_writehits               6761                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_writehits               8039                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_writehits               6811                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_writehits               8026                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_writehits               6774                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_writehits               8035                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_writehits               6756                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_writehits               8023                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_writehits               6830                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_writehits               8011                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_writehits               6798                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_writehits              10089                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_writehits               6803                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_writehits               8004                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_writehits               6799                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_writehits              10065                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_writehits               6784                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_writehits              10090                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_writehits               6799                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses              1207                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses               949                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses               988                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses              1123                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses              1023                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses              1154                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses              1172                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses               934                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses               989                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses               939                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses             1232                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses             1142                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses             1021                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses              931                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses             1004                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses             1131                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses              959                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses              942                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses              985                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses              934                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses              997                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses              975                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses              995                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses             1145                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writemisses             1221                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writemisses              919                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writemisses              989                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writemisses             1129                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writemisses             1225                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writemisses              930                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writemisses              994                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writemisses             1134                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writemisses              993                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writemisses              923                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writemisses             1004                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writemisses             1142                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writemisses              986                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writemisses              961                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writemisses              994                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writemisses              950                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_writemisses              983                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_writemisses              990                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_writemisses              985                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_writemisses              933                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_writemisses              998                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_writemisses              977                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_writemisses              989                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_writemisses              988                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_writemisses             1001                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_writemisses              921                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_writemisses             1013                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_writemisses              953                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_writemisses             1191                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_writemisses              948                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_writemisses             1020                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_writemisses              945                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_writemisses             1215                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_writemisses              960                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_writemisses             1190                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_writemisses              945                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                        5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                        5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                        5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                        5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_40.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_41.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_42.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_43.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_44.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_45.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_46.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_47.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_48.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_49.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_50.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_51.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_52.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_53.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_54.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_55.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_56.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_57.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_58.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_59.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_60.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_61.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_62.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_63.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                2598425                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                2031720                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                2435059                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                2165577                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                2413203                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                2174822                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                2590832                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                2031763                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                2429157                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                2054209                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles               2605565                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               2173136                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               2424534                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               2077510                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles               2421049                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               2172978                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles               2409698                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles               2060053                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles               2438005                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles               2039622                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles               2437702                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles               2070229                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles               2413337                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               2168777                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.job_cycles               2596193                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.job_cycles               2059437                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.job_cycles               2428199                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.job_cycles               2180737                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.job_cycles               2593236                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.job_cycles               2072682                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.job_cycles               2413213                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.job_cycles               2186454                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.job_cycles               2425852                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.job_cycles               2052460                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.job_cycles               2425457                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.job_cycles               2178310                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.job_cycles               2454980                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.job_cycles               2060388                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.job_cycles               2453368                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.job_cycles               2053228                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_40.job_cycles               2441689                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_41.job_cycles               2079315                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_42.job_cycles               2477724                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_43.job_cycles               2031461                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_44.job_cycles               2441058                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_45.job_cycles               2082091                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_46.job_cycles               2467918                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_47.job_cycles               2080476                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_48.job_cycles               2418630                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_49.job_cycles               2042020                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_50.job_cycles               2463329                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_51.job_cycles               2031801                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_52.job_cycles               2603132                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_53.job_cycles               2080385                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_54.job_cycles               2431470                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_55.job_cycles               2020488                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_56.job_cycles               2596081                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_57.job_cycles               2041251                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_58.job_cycles               2580383                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_59.job_cycles               2080807                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_60.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_61.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_62.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_63.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                      80                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                      80                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                      80                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                      80                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                     80                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                     80                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                     80                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                     80                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_tasks                     80                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_tasks                     80                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_tasks                     80                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_tasks                     80                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_tasks                     80                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_40.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_41.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_42.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_43.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_44.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_45.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_46.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_47.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_48.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_49.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_50.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_51.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_52.num_tasks                     80                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_53.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_54.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_55.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_56.num_tasks                     80                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_57.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_58.num_tasks                     80                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_59.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_60.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_61.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_62.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_63.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               2266558                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               1795443                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               2093709                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               1883702                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               2125087                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               1856253                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               2152787                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               1834951                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               2115306                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles               1748564                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles              2255962                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              1853561                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              2157425                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              1727671                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              2111171                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              1832620                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles              2160576                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles              1827310                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles              2140737                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles              1769757                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles              2125216                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles              1765073                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles              2095870                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              1840427                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_cycles              2239949                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_cycles              1651071                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_cycles              2165141                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_cycles              1860546                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_cycles              2168159                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_cycles              1774080                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_cycles              2105807                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_cycles              1807715                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_cycles              2169480                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_cycles              1769549                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_cycles              2122283                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_cycles              1832077                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_cycles              2231680                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_cycles              1834479                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_cycles              2223021                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_cycles              1851434                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_40.read_cycles              2207429                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_41.read_cycles              1766578                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_42.read_cycles              2217058                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_43.read_cycles              1708958                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_44.read_cycles              2150322                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_45.read_cycles              1685640                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_46.read_cycles              2252571                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_47.read_cycles              1859664                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_48.read_cycles              2158017                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_49.read_cycles              1734271                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_50.read_cycles              2152615                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_51.read_cycles              1818013                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_52.read_cycles              2227725                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_53.read_cycles              1596354                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_54.read_cycles              2172740                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_55.read_cycles              1764375                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_56.read_cycles              2218952                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_57.read_cycles              1677216                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_58.read_cycles              2226973                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_59.read_cycles              1877985                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_60.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_61.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_62.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_63.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             185960                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             129504                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             148768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             161880                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             148768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             161880                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             187452                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             129504                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             148768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles             129504                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles            185960                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            161880                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            148768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            129504                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles            148768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles            162543                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles            148768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles            129504                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles            148768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles            129504                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles            148768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles            129504                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles            148768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles            161880                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_cycles            185960                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_cycles            129504                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_cycles            148768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_cycles            162059                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_cycles            185960                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_cycles            129504                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_cycles            148768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_cycles            162168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_cycles            148768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_cycles            129504                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_cycles            148768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_cycles            161880                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_cycles            148768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_cycles            129504                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_cycles            148768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_cycles            129504                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_40.compute_cycles            148768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_41.compute_cycles            129504                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_42.compute_cycles            148768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_43.compute_cycles            129504                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_44.compute_cycles            148768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_45.compute_cycles            129504                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_46.compute_cycles            148768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_47.compute_cycles            129504                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_48.compute_cycles            148768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_49.compute_cycles            129504                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_50.compute_cycles            148768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_51.compute_cycles            129504                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_52.compute_cycles            185960                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_53.compute_cycles            129504                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_54.compute_cycles            148768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_55.compute_cycles            129504                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_56.compute_cycles            185960                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_57.compute_cycles            129504                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_58.compute_cycles            185960                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_59.compute_cycles            129504                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_60.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_61.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_62.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_63.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              2220042                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              1844001                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              2188766                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              2160709                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              2085084                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              2006709                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              2416354                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              1755849                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles              2107884                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles              1930675                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles             2248578                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles             2157983                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles             2034690                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles             2070671                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles             2195468                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles             2332958                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles             2012714                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles             1847962                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles             2121767                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles             2022600                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles             2151527                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles             1997000                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles             2178536                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles             2158100                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_cycles             2309281                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_cycles             2110176                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_cycles             2108664                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_cycles             2194122                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_cycles             2352307                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_cycles             2002985                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_cycles             2094375                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_cycles             2140256                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_cycles             2030800                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_cycles             1916658                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_cycles             2264743                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_cycles             2202835                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_cycles             2031634                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_cycles             1928478                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_cycles             2022261                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_cycles             1907298                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_40.write_cycles             2033001                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_41.write_cycles             1945824                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_42.write_cycles             2103819                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_43.write_cycles             1996917                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_44.write_cycles             2107139                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_45.write_cycles             2113554                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_46.write_cycles             2009638                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_47.write_cycles             1983550                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_48.write_cycles             2184875                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_49.write_cycles             1964634                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_50.write_cycles             2197056                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_51.write_cycles             1889864                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_52.write_cycles             2362707                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_53.write_cycles             2279753                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_54.write_cycles             2147825                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_55.write_cycles             1874155                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_56.write_cycles             2287528                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_57.write_cycles             2064055                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_58.write_cycles             2374641                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_59.write_cycles             1816991                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_60.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_61.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_62.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_63.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          2266558                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          1795443                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          2093709                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          1883702                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          2125087                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          1856253                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          2152787                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          1834951                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          2115306                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time          1748564                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time         2255962                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         1853561                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         2157425                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         1727671                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         2111171                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         1832620                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time         2160576                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time         1827310                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time         2140737                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time         1769757                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time         2125216                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time         1765073                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time         2095870                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         1840427                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_action_time         2239949                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_action_time         1651071                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_action_time         2165141                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_action_time         1860546                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_action_time         2168159                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_action_time         1774080                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_action_time         2105807                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_action_time         1807715                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_action_time         2169480                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_action_time         1769549                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_action_time         2122283                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_action_time         1832077                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_action_time         2231680                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_action_time         1834479                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_action_time         2223021                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_action_time         1851434                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.read_action_time         2207429                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.read_action_time         1766578                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.read_action_time         2217058                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.read_action_time         1708958                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.read_action_time         2150322                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.read_action_time         1685640                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.read_action_time         2252571                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.read_action_time         1859664                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.read_action_time         2158017                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.read_action_time         1734271                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.read_action_time         2152615                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.read_action_time         1818013                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.read_action_time         2227725                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.read_action_time         1596354                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.read_action_time         2172740                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.read_action_time         1764375                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.read_action_time         2218952                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.read_action_time         1677216                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.read_action_time         2226973                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.read_action_time         1877985                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        185960                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        129504                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        148768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        161880                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        148768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        161880                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        185791                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        129504                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        148768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time        129504                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time       185960                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       161880                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time       148768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       129504                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time       148768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time       161673                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time       148768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time       129504                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time       148768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time       129504                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time       148768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time       129504                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time       148768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time       161725                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_action_time       185960                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_action_time       129504                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_action_time       148768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_action_time       161673                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_action_time       185960                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_action_time       129504                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_action_time       148768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_action_time       161466                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_action_time       148768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_action_time       129504                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_action_time       148768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_action_time       161880                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_action_time       148768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_action_time       129504                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_action_time       148768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_action_time       129504                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.compute_action_time       148768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.compute_action_time       129504                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.compute_action_time       148768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.compute_action_time       129504                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.compute_action_time       148768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.compute_action_time       129504                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.compute_action_time       148768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.compute_action_time       129504                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.compute_action_time       148768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.compute_action_time       129504                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.compute_action_time       148768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.compute_action_time       129504                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.compute_action_time       185960                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.compute_action_time       129504                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.compute_action_time       148768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.compute_action_time       129504                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.compute_action_time       185960                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.compute_action_time       129504                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.compute_action_time       185960                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.compute_action_time       129504                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         2054846                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         1748208                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         1948049                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         1851665                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         1942296                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         1833897                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         2077378                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         1734450                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time         1945736                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time         1726021                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time        2046932                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time        1831900                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time        1955587                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time        1778685                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time        1970218                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time        1862335                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time        1936813                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time        1764495                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time        1972904                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time        1742114                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time        1937173                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time        1767779                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time        1953894                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time        1860182                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_action_time        2068104                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_action_time        1745803                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_action_time        1968616                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_action_time        1851895                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_action_time        2067340                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_action_time        1773639                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_action_time        1949643                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_action_time        1860151                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_action_time        1958646                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_action_time        1761410                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_action_time        1975975                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_action_time        1849068                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_action_time        1961369                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_action_time        1754520                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_action_time        1948847                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_action_time        1772955                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.write_action_time        1946628                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.write_action_time        1754530                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.write_action_time        1951082                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.write_action_time        1743049                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.write_action_time        1947515                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.write_action_time        1764342                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.write_action_time        1932756                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.write_action_time        1785321                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.write_action_time        1968736                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.write_action_time        1740625                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.write_action_time        1959070                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.write_action_time        1744615                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.write_action_time        2070936                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.write_action_time        1761965                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.write_action_time        1939859                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.write_action_time        1732266                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.write_action_time        2076532                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.write_action_time        1740332                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.write_action_time        2086136                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.write_action_time        1750535                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            2584478                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            2019579                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            2430410                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            2157521                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            2403905                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            2162681                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            2579873                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            2015575                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            2419859                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time            2042068                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time           2597341                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           2169089                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           2410587                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           2061322                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           2416400                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           2164884                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time           2395751                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time           2047912                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time           2428707                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time           2035575                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time           2433053                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time           2059880                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time           2408688                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           2160683                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.rw_action_time           2586895                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.rw_action_time           2051343                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.rw_action_time           2418901                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.rw_action_time           2172643                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.rw_action_time           2579289                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.rw_action_time           2062048                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.rw_action_time           2403915                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.rw_action_time           2174049                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.rw_action_time           2411905                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.rw_action_time           2037673                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.rw_action_time           2420808                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.rw_action_time           2174263                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.rw_action_time           2441033                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.rw_action_time           2052294                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.rw_action_time           2439421                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.rw_action_time           2041087                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.rw_action_time           2427742                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.rw_action_time           2067174                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.rw_action_time           2468426                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.rw_action_time           2023367                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.rw_action_time           2431760                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.rw_action_time           2073997                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.rw_action_time           2453971                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.rw_action_time           2072382                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.rw_action_time           2409332                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.rw_action_time           2029879                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.rw_action_time           2454031                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.rw_action_time           2019660                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.rw_action_time           2599088                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.rw_action_time           2072291                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.rw_action_time           2422233                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.rw_action_time           2012394                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.rw_action_time           2582134                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.rw_action_time           2037204                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.rw_action_time           2571782                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.rw_action_time           2068666                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         302962442                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         305571700                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         302962438                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         305571696                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         302962444                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         305571702                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         302962440                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         305571698                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         302962449                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         305571707                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        302962445                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        305571703                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        302962461                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        305571719                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        302962457                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        305571715                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles        302962466                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles        305571724                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles        302962462                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles        305571720                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles        302962458                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles        305571716                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles        302962464                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles        305571722                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_idle_cycles        302962478                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_idle_cycles        305571736                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_idle_cycles        302962474                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_idle_cycles        305571732                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_idle_cycles        302962470                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_idle_cycles        305571728                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_idle_cycles        302962466                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_idle_cycles        305571724                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_idle_cycles        302962475                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_idle_cycles        305571733                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_idle_cycles        302962481                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_idle_cycles        305571739                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_idle_cycles        302962487                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_idle_cycles        305571745                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_idle_cycles        302962483                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_idle_cycles        305571741                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_idle_cycles        302962492                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_idle_cycles        305571750                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_idle_cycles        302962498                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_idle_cycles        305571756                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_idle_cycles        302962489                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_idle_cycles        305571747                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_idle_cycles        302962485                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_idle_cycles        305571743                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_idle_cycles        302962494                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_idle_cycles        305571752                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_idle_cycles        302962500                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_idle_cycles        305571758                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_idle_cycles        302962491                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_idle_cycles        305571749                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_idle_cycles        302962488                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_idle_cycles        305571746                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_idle_cycles        302962496                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_idle_cycles        305571754                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_idle_cycles        302962492                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_idle_cycles        305571750                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          2581736                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          2015340                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          2425242                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2159770                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          2394530                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          2122485                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          2586452                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2008308                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          2409860                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          2032708                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         2585141                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         2163939                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         2412062                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         2057353                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         2416474                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         2169595                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles         2394142                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles         2053025                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles         2416363                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles         2029235                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles         2432856                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles         2052987                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles         2407723                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles         2152896                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_stall_cycles         2590817                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_stall_cycles         2055514                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_stall_cycles         2422782                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_stall_cycles         2168713                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_stall_cycles         2553780                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_stall_cycles         2053537                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_stall_cycles         2380301                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_stall_cycles         2177477                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_stall_cycles         2414646                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_stall_cycles         2036221                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_stall_cycles         2422573                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_stall_cycles         2175802                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_stall_cycles         2451761                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_stall_cycles         2021613                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_stall_cycles         2448555                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_stall_cycles         2035313                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_stall_cycles         2422836                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_stall_cycles         2067847                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_stall_cycles         2474226                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_stall_cycles         2020940                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_stall_cycles         2423596                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_stall_cycles         2071301                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_stall_cycles         2441214                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_stall_cycles         2056117                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_stall_cycles         2408872                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_stall_cycles         2034172                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_stall_cycles         2454024                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_stall_cycles         2012519                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_stall_cycles         2600452                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_stall_cycles         2076850                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_stall_cycles         2423771                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_stall_cycles         2002249                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_stall_cycles         2591030                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_stall_cycles         2039031                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_stall_cycles         2565879                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_stall_cycles         2069109                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               277                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               181                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               225                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               220                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0               233                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0               229                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               282                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               177                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               226                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0               182                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0              287                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              230                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0              230                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              178                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0              225                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0              226                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0              223                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0              181                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0              225                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0              180                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0              233                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0              187                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0              225                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0              227                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_0              281                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_0              179                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_0              227                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_0              229                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_0              279                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_0              178                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_0              228                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_0              223                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_0              226                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_0              178                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_0              229                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_0              226                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_0              228                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_0              183                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_0              231                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_0              180                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_40.onTLbMissCall_0              221                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_41.onTLbMissCall_0              184                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_42.onTLbMissCall_0              228                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_43.onTLbMissCall_0              180                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_44.onTLbMissCall_0              226                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_45.onTLbMissCall_0              184                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_46.onTLbMissCall_0              228                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_47.onTLbMissCall_0              187                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_48.onTLbMissCall_0              223                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_49.onTLbMissCall_0              181                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_50.onTLbMissCall_0              232                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_51.onTLbMissCall_0              179                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_52.onTLbMissCall_0              287                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_53.onTLbMissCall_0              181                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_54.onTLbMissCall_0              227                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_55.onTLbMissCall_0              176                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_56.onTLbMissCall_0              284                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_57.onTLbMissCall_0              183                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_58.onTLbMissCall_0              276                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_59.onTLbMissCall_0              185                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_60.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_61.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_62.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_63.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              2562                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              1689                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              2128                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              2272                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              2108                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              2057                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              2574                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              1756                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1              2037                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              1742                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             2576                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             2244                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             1906                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             1632                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             1999                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             2150                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1             1963                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1             1674                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1             2030                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1             1739                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1             2014                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1             1717                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1             1935                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1             2057                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_1             2249                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_1             1732                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_1             1979                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_1             2047                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_1             2408                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_1             1638                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_1             2083                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_1             2126                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_1             1911                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_1             1696                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_1             1968                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_1             1976                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_1             1895                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_1             1617                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_1             1918                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_1             1651                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_40.onTLbMissCall_1             1986                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_41.onTLbMissCall_1             1635                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_42.onTLbMissCall_1             1868                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_43.onTLbMissCall_1             1578                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_44.onTLbMissCall_1             1918                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_45.onTLbMissCall_1             1695                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_46.onTLbMissCall_1             1939                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_47.onTLbMissCall_1             1665                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_48.onTLbMissCall_1             2047                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_49.onTLbMissCall_1             1720                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_50.onTLbMissCall_1             1916                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_51.onTLbMissCall_1             1649                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_52.onTLbMissCall_1             2418                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_53.onTLbMissCall_1             1684                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_54.onTLbMissCall_1             1999                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_55.onTLbMissCall_1             1829                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_56.onTLbMissCall_1             2382                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_57.onTLbMissCall_1             1686                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_58.onTLbMissCall_1             2486                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_59.onTLbMissCall_1             1728                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_60.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_61.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_62.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_63.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2               850                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2               526                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2               703                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2               687                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2               645                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2               594                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2               969                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2               535                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2               652                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2               512                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2              898                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2              665                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2              591                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2              509                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2              596                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2              657                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2              645                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2              452                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2              639                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2              515                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2              642                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2              516                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2              582                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2              614                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_2              797                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_2              468                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_2              614                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_2              568                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_2              836                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_2              507                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_2              668                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_2              633                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_2              633                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_2              471                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_2              591                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_2              594                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_2              591                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_2              446                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_2              637                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_2              521                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_40.onTLbMissCall_2              653                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_41.onTLbMissCall_2              450                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_42.onTLbMissCall_2              527                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_43.onTLbMissCall_2              411                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_44.onTLbMissCall_2              616                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_45.onTLbMissCall_2              459                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_46.onTLbMissCall_2              655                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_47.onTLbMissCall_2              467                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_48.onTLbMissCall_2              630                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_49.onTLbMissCall_2              491                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_50.onTLbMissCall_2              576                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_51.onTLbMissCall_2              488                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_52.onTLbMissCall_2              785                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_53.onTLbMissCall_2              531                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_54.onTLbMissCall_2              674                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_55.onTLbMissCall_2              493                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_56.onTLbMissCall_2              855                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_57.onTLbMissCall_2              457                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_58.onTLbMissCall_2              871                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_59.onTLbMissCall_2              492                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_60.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_61.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_62.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_63.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles         1375365                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles         1118532                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles         1372273                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles         1169768                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles         1320026                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles         1164938                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles         1391123                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles         1120760                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles         1373503                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles         1141582                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles        1380361                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles        1121559                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles        1354883                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles        1157105                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles        1369920                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles        1160712                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles        1311796                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles        1139348                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles        1391488                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles        1169186                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles        1381222                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles        1174825                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles        1358421                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles        1173216                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshr_stall_cycles        1401847                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshr_stall_cycles        1164251                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshr_stall_cycles        1359426                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshr_stall_cycles        1176997                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshr_stall_cycles        1384107                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshr_stall_cycles        1157055                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshr_stall_cycles        1316443                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshr_stall_cycles        1165251                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.mshr_stall_cycles        1334073                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.mshr_stall_cycles        1137546                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.mshr_stall_cycles        1361611                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.mshr_stall_cycles        1167938                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.mshr_stall_cycles        1392072                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.mshr_stall_cycles        1161682                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.mshr_stall_cycles        1393021                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.mshr_stall_cycles        1181370                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.mshr_stall_cycles        1365512                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.mshr_stall_cycles        1175905                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.mshr_stall_cycles        1382195                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.mshr_stall_cycles        1138774                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.mshr_stall_cycles        1408216                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.mshr_stall_cycles        1172307                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.mshr_stall_cycles        1365373                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.mshr_stall_cycles        1177370                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.mshr_stall_cycles        1341161                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.mshr_stall_cycles        1108593                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.mshr_stall_cycles        1381880                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.mshr_stall_cycles        1127487                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.mshr_stall_cycles        1424425                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.mshr_stall_cycles        1184259                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.mshr_stall_cycles        1360450                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.mshr_stall_cycles        1078344                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.mshr_stall_cycles        1396635                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.mshr_stall_cycles        1173384                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.mshr_stall_cycles        1391254                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.mshr_stall_cycles        1177400                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      395998     25.62%     25.62% |      383253     24.80%     50.42% |      383250     24.80%     75.22% |      382932     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1545433                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      328958     25.70%     25.70% |      316960     24.77%     50.47% |      316979     24.77%     75.24% |      316945     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      1279842                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      396024     25.63%     25.63% |      383253     24.80%     50.42% |      383250     24.80%     75.22% |      382932     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1545459                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      334789     25.69%     25.69% |      322798     24.77%     50.46% |      322820     24.77%     75.23% |      322788     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1303195                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           82                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6032     25.00%     25.00% |        6032     25.00%     50.00% |        6032     25.00%     75.00% |        6032     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       58848     25.28%     25.28% |       58101     24.96%     50.23% |       58079     24.95%     75.18% |       57795     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       232823                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      395998     25.62%     25.62% |      383253     24.80%     50.42% |      383250     24.80%     75.22% |      382932     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1545433                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5831     24.97%     24.97% |        5838     25.00%     49.97% |        5841     25.01%     74.98% |        5843     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23353                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5831     24.97%     24.97% |        5838     25.00%     49.97% |        5841     25.01%     74.98% |        5843     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23353                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      328702     25.70%     25.70% |      316766     24.77%     50.47% |      316788     24.77%     75.23% |      316756     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      1279012                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          775                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       58848     25.28%     25.28% |       58101     24.96%     50.23% |       58079     24.95%     75.18% |       57795     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       232823                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      395997     25.62%     25.62% |      383253     24.80%     50.42% |      383250     24.80%     75.22% |      382932     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1545432                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      328702     25.70%     25.70% |      316766     24.77%     50.47% |      316788     24.77%     75.23% |      316756     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      1279012                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          775                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          775                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     5951947     96.74%     96.74% |          14      0.00%     96.74% |        7184      0.12%     96.85% |        6928      0.11%     96.97% |        6928      0.11%     97.08% |        7184      0.12%     97.20% |        6272      0.10%     97.30% |        7840      0.13%     97.43% |        6272      0.10%     97.53% |        6928      0.11%     97.64% |        6272      0.10%     97.74% |        6272      0.10%     97.84% |        6272      0.10%     97.95% |        6928      0.11%     98.06% |        7184      0.12%     98.18% |        6928      0.11%     98.29% |        7184      0.12%     98.41% |        6928      0.11%     98.52% |        6272      0.10%     98.62% |        6928      0.11%     98.73% |        6272      0.10%     98.83% |        6272      0.10%     98.94% |        6272      0.10%     99.04% |        6272      0.10%     99.14% |        6272      0.10%     99.24% |        6272      0.10%     99.34% |        6272      0.10%     99.45% |        6272      0.10%     99.55% |        7184      0.12%     99.66% |        6272      0.10%     99.77% |        7184      0.12%     99.88% |        7184      0.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      6152665                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    14703343    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total     14703343                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    22241065     97.64%     97.64% |           0      0.00%     97.64% |       19027      0.08%     97.73% |       18708      0.08%     97.81% |       18703      0.08%     97.89% |       19027      0.08%     97.98% |       16771      0.07%     98.05% |       20961      0.09%     98.14% |       16769      0.07%     98.21% |       18706      0.08%     98.30% |       16771      0.07%     98.37% |       16769      0.07%     98.44% |       16769      0.07%     98.52% |       18707      0.08%     98.60% |       19024      0.08%     98.68% |       18703      0.08%     98.77% |       19027      0.08%     98.85% |       18704      0.08%     98.93% |       16771      0.07%     99.00% |       18704      0.08%     99.09% |       16769      0.07%     99.16% |       16771      0.07%     99.23% |       16769      0.07%     99.31% |       16772      0.07%     99.38% |       16769      0.07%     99.45% |       16769      0.07%     99.53% |       16769      0.07%     99.60% |       16771      0.07%     99.68% |       19025      0.08%     99.76% |       16769      0.07%     99.83% |       19027      0.08%     99.92% |       19027      0.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     22777693                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       19623     24.56%     24.56% |          14      0.02%     24.58% |        2101      2.63%     27.21% |        1960      2.45%     29.66% |        1986      2.49%     32.15% |        2142      2.68%     34.83% |        1890      2.37%     37.19% |        2031      2.54%     39.74% |        1991      2.49%     42.23% |        2036      2.55%     44.78% |        2166      2.71%     47.49% |        2361      2.96%     50.44% |        2260      2.83%     53.27% |        1833      2.29%     55.57% |        1749      2.19%     57.76% |        2074      2.60%     60.35% |        1704      2.13%     62.48% |        1730      2.17%     64.65% |        2177      2.72%     67.38% |        1863      2.33%     69.71% |        2176      2.72%     72.43% |        2222      2.78%     75.21% |        1704      2.13%     77.34% |        2077      2.60%     79.94% |        2094      2.62%     82.57% |        2250      2.82%     85.38% |        2037      2.55%     87.93% |        2271      2.84%     90.77% |        1484      1.86%     92.63% |        2146      2.69%     95.32% |        1732      2.17%     97.49% |        2009      2.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        79893                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1434319     66.71%     66.71% |           0      0.00%     66.71% |       25478      1.18%     67.90% |       24905      1.16%     69.05% |       24908      1.16%     70.21% |       25477      1.18%     71.40% |       22333      1.04%     72.44% |       28057      1.30%     73.74% |       22334      1.04%     74.78% |       24910      1.16%     75.94% |       22333      1.04%     76.98% |       22335      1.04%     78.02% |       22332      1.04%     79.05% |       24908      1.16%     80.21% |       25474      1.18%     81.40% |       24907      1.16%     82.56% |       25479      1.19%     83.74% |       24904      1.16%     84.90% |       22332      1.04%     85.94% |       24907      1.16%     87.10% |       22332      1.04%     88.14% |       22335      1.04%     89.17% |       22330      1.04%     90.21% |       22329      1.04%     91.25% |       22333      1.04%     92.29% |       22335      1.04%     93.33% |       22332      1.04%     94.37% |       22334      1.04%     95.41% |       25480      1.19%     96.59% |       22332      1.04%     97.63% |       25480      1.19%     98.82% |       25474      1.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      2150058                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     18.18%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           4     36.36%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           2     18.18%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      9.09%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           2     18.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           11                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           2     15.38%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           2     15.38%     30.77% |           0      0.00%     30.77% |           0      0.00%     30.77% |           0      0.00%     30.77% |           0      0.00%     30.77% |           1      7.69%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           3     23.08%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           2     15.38%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           2     15.38%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           1      7.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total           13                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      248885     55.78%     55.78% |          12      0.00%     55.78% |        7067      1.58%     57.36% |        6810      1.53%     58.89% |        6812      1.53%     60.42% |        7065      1.58%     62.00% |        6166      1.38%     63.38% |        7712      1.73%     65.11% |        6166      1.38%     66.49% |        6811      1.53%     68.02% |        6165      1.38%     69.40% |        6167      1.38%     70.78% |        6163      1.38%     72.16% |        6810      1.53%     73.69% |        7064      1.58%     75.27% |        6810      1.53%     76.80% |        7067      1.58%     78.38% |        6813      1.53%     79.91% |        6166      1.38%     81.29% |        6809      1.53%     82.82% |        6164      1.38%     84.20% |        6165      1.38%     85.58% |        6165      1.38%     86.96% |        6163      1.38%     88.34% |        6167      1.38%     89.72% |        6164      1.38%     91.11% |        6166      1.38%     92.49% |        6166      1.38%     93.87% |        7069      1.58%     95.45% |        6165      1.38%     96.83% |        7066      1.58%     98.42% |        7059      1.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       446219                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     15.38%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           1      7.69%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           2     15.38%     38.46% |           1      7.69%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           1      7.69%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           2     15.38%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           4     30.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total           13                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     1191755     69.07%     69.07% |           0      0.00%     69.07% |       18923      1.10%     70.16% |       18607      1.08%     71.24% |       18608      1.08%     72.32% |       18924      1.10%     73.42% |       16677      0.97%     74.38% |       20855      1.21%     75.59% |       16679      0.97%     76.56% |       18610      1.08%     77.64% |       16680      0.97%     78.60% |       16680      0.97%     79.57% |       16679      0.97%     80.54% |       18609      1.08%     81.62% |       18922      1.10%     82.71% |       18608      1.08%     83.79% |       18924      1.10%     84.89% |       18603      1.08%     85.97% |       16677      0.97%     86.93% |       18611      1.08%     88.01% |       16680      0.97%     88.98% |       16682      0.97%     89.94% |       16677      0.97%     90.91% |       16677      0.97%     91.88% |       16678      0.97%     92.84% |       16681      0.97%     93.81% |       16678      0.97%     94.78% |       16680      0.97%     95.74% |       18923      1.10%     96.84% |       16679      0.97%     97.81% |       18926      1.10%     98.90% |       18923      1.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1725515                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     1307652     66.47%     66.47% |           0      0.00%     66.47% |       23779      1.21%     67.68% |       22942      1.17%     68.84% |       22936      1.17%     70.01% |       23669      1.20%     71.21% |       20594      1.05%     72.26% |       26067      1.32%     73.58% |       20463      1.04%     74.62% |       22876      1.16%     75.79% |       20276      1.03%     76.82% |       20287      1.03%     77.85% |       20150      1.02%     78.87% |       23090      1.17%     80.05% |       23815      1.21%     81.26% |       22868      1.16%     82.42% |       23884      1.21%     83.63% |       23190      1.18%     84.81% |       20383      1.04%     85.85% |       23046      1.17%     87.02% |       20230      1.03%     88.05% |       20251      1.03%     89.08% |       20715      1.05%     90.13% |       20372      1.04%     91.17% |       20390      1.04%     92.20% |       20233      1.03%     93.23% |       20511      1.04%     94.27% |       20480      1.04%     95.31% |       24090      1.22%     96.54% |       20504      1.04%     97.58% |       24069      1.22%     98.80% |       23533      1.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1967345                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      250353     55.92%     55.92% |          14      0.00%     55.92% |        7067      1.58%     57.50% |        6810      1.52%     59.02% |        6812      1.52%     60.54% |        7065      1.58%     62.12% |        6166      1.38%     63.50% |        7712      1.72%     65.22% |        6167      1.38%     66.60% |        6811      1.52%     68.12% |        6165      1.38%     69.50% |        6167      1.38%     70.88% |        6165      1.38%     72.25% |        6811      1.52%     73.77% |        7064      1.58%     75.35% |        6810      1.52%     76.87% |        7067      1.58%     78.45% |        6813      1.52%     79.97% |        6166      1.38%     81.35% |        6809      1.52%     82.87% |        6164      1.38%     84.25% |        6165      1.38%     85.62% |        6165      1.38%     87.00% |        6164      1.38%     88.38% |        6167      1.38%     89.76% |        6166      1.38%     91.13% |        6166      1.38%     92.51% |        6166      1.38%     93.89% |        7069      1.58%     95.47% |        6165      1.38%     96.84% |        7066      1.58%     98.42% |        7063      1.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       447700                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122542    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122542                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |     1061826     66.55%     66.55% |           0      0.00%     66.55% |       18923      1.19%     67.73% |       18607      1.17%     68.90% |       18608      1.17%     70.07% |       18924      1.19%     71.25% |       16677      1.05%     72.30% |       20855      1.31%     73.60% |       16679      1.05%     74.65% |       18610      1.17%     75.82% |       16680      1.05%     76.86% |       16680      1.05%     77.91% |       16679      1.05%     78.95% |       18609      1.17%     80.12% |       18922      1.19%     81.30% |       18608      1.17%     82.47% |       18924      1.19%     83.66% |       18603      1.17%     84.82% |       16677      1.05%     85.87% |       18610      1.17%     87.03% |       16680      1.05%     88.08% |       16682      1.05%     89.12% |       16677      1.05%     90.17% |       16677      1.05%     91.22% |       16678      1.05%     92.26% |       16681      1.05%     93.31% |       16678      1.05%     94.35% |       16680      1.05%     95.40% |       18923      1.19%     96.58% |       16679      1.05%     97.63% |       18926      1.19%     98.81% |       18923      1.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1595585                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11164     99.83%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           1      0.01%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           2      0.02%     99.86% |           0      0.00%     99.86% |           0      0.00%     99.86% |           0      0.00%     99.86% |           1      0.01%     99.87% |           4      0.04%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |           2      0.02%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           1      0.01%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           4      0.04%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           4      0.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11183                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        1365    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         1365                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        4510    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         4510                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          47     97.92%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           1      2.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           48                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1673      2.90%      2.90% |           0      0.00%      2.90% |        1699      2.94%      5.84% |        1961      3.40%      9.24% |        1972      3.42%     12.66% |        1808      3.13%     15.80% |        1737      3.01%     18.81% |        1988      3.45%     22.25% |        1869      3.24%     25.49% |        2033      3.52%     29.02% |        2057      3.57%     32.58% |        2048      3.55%     36.13% |        2181      3.78%     39.91% |        1814      3.14%     43.06% |        1659      2.88%     45.93% |        2038      3.53%     49.46% |        1595      2.76%     52.23% |        1714      2.97%     55.20% |        1948      3.38%     58.58% |        1861      3.23%     61.80% |        2102      3.64%     65.45% |        2082      3.61%     69.05% |        1615      2.80%     71.85% |        1956      3.39%     75.24% |        1943      3.37%     78.61% |        2098      3.64%     82.25% |        1821      3.16%     85.41% |        1854      3.21%     88.62% |        1390      2.41%     91.03% |        1828      3.17%     94.20% |        1411      2.45%     96.64% |        1937      3.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        57692                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      152318    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       152318                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    14576243    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     14576243                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        5446     99.94%     99.94% |           2      0.04%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         5449                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      124375     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           2      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           2      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           4      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           2      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       124395                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     2575983     99.87%     99.87% |           0      0.00%     99.87% |         117      0.00%     99.87% |         118      0.00%     99.88% |         116      0.00%     99.88% |         119      0.00%     99.89% |         106      0.00%     99.89% |         128      0.00%     99.90% |         105      0.00%     99.90% |         117      0.00%     99.91% |         107      0.00%     99.91% |         105      0.00%     99.91% |         107      0.00%     99.92% |         117      0.00%     99.92% |         120      0.00%     99.93% |         118      0.00%     99.93% |         117      0.00%     99.94% |         115      0.00%     99.94% |         106      0.00%     99.94% |         119      0.00%     99.95% |         108      0.00%     99.95% |         107      0.00%     99.96% |         107      0.00%     99.96% |         108      0.00%     99.97% |         105      0.00%     99.97% |         106      0.00%     99.97% |         106      0.00%     99.98% |         106      0.00%     99.98% |         115      0.00%     99.99% |         107      0.00%     99.99% |         118      0.00%    100.00% |         121      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      2579354                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       59000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        59000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        2841     20.49%     20.49% |          12      0.09%     20.58% |         259      1.87%     22.45% |         418      3.02%     25.46% |         362      2.61%     28.07% |         371      2.68%     30.75% |         333      2.40%     33.15% |         298      2.15%     35.30% |         297      2.14%     37.44% |         439      3.17%     40.61% |         500      3.61%     44.22% |         462      3.33%     47.55% |         440      3.17%     50.72% |         300      2.16%     52.89% |         186      1.34%     54.23% |         352      2.54%     56.77% |         308      2.22%     58.99% |         387      2.79%     61.78% |         519      3.74%     65.52% |         203      1.46%     66.99% |         390      2.81%     69.80% |         396      2.86%     72.66% |         375      2.70%     75.36% |         402      2.90%     78.26% |         412      2.97%     81.23% |         422      3.04%     84.28% |         469      3.38%     87.66% |         313      2.26%     89.92% |         316      2.28%     92.20% |         432      3.12%     95.31% |         369      2.66%     97.97% |         281      2.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total        13864                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      186944     50.10%     50.10% |           0      0.00%     50.10% |        6807      1.82%     51.93% |        6390      1.71%     53.64% |        6450      1.73%     55.37% |        6693      1.79%     57.16% |        5833      1.56%     58.73% |        7414      1.99%     60.71% |        5852      1.57%     62.28% |        6354      1.70%     63.98% |        5665      1.52%     65.50% |        5688      1.52%     67.03% |        5723      1.53%     68.56% |        6507      1.74%     70.30% |        6878      1.84%     72.15% |        6440      1.73%     73.87% |        6759      1.81%     75.68% |        6426      1.72%     77.41% |        5647      1.51%     78.92% |        6606      1.77%     80.69% |        5774      1.55%     82.24% |        5751      1.54%     83.78% |        5790      1.55%     85.33% |        5761      1.54%     86.88% |        5754      1.54%     88.42% |        5740      1.54%     89.96% |        5697      1.53%     91.48% |        5851      1.57%     93.05% |        6753      1.81%     94.86% |        5717      1.53%     96.39% |        6697      1.79%     98.19% |        6761      1.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       373122                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     18.18%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           1      9.09%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           3     27.27%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           2     18.18%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           2     18.18%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           1      9.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total           11                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2970114    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2970114                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    21119807     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |         101      0.00%     99.99% |          97      0.00%     99.99% |          95      0.00%     99.99% |         100      0.00%     99.99% |          91      0.00%     99.99% |         104      0.00%     99.99% |          88      0.00%     99.99% |          94      0.00%     99.99% |          87      0.00%     99.99% |          86      0.00%     99.99% |          89      0.00%     99.99% |          95      0.00%     99.99% |         101      0.00%     99.99% |          94      0.00%     99.99% |         100      0.00%     99.99% |          99      0.00%     99.99% |          91      0.00%     99.99% |          92      0.00%     99.99% |          87      0.00%    100.00% |          86      0.00%    100.00% |          90      0.00%    100.00% |          91      0.00%    100.00% |          87      0.00%    100.00% |          86      0.00%    100.00% |          90      0.00%    100.00% |          88      0.00%    100.00% |         100      0.00%    100.00% |          87      0.00%    100.00% |          98      0.00%    100.00% |         100      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     21122601                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         169      0.35%      0.35% |           0      0.00%      0.35% |        1823      3.73%      4.08% |        1541      3.15%      7.23% |        1610      3.30%     10.53% |        1764      3.61%     14.14% |        1532      3.14%     17.27% |        1690      3.46%     20.73% |        1678      3.43%     24.17% |        1594      3.26%     27.43% |        1655      3.39%     30.82% |        1873      3.83%     34.65% |        1806      3.70%     38.35% |        1510      3.09%     41.44% |        1537      3.15%     44.58% |        1686      3.45%     48.03% |        1357      2.78%     50.81% |        1327      2.72%     53.53% |        1619      3.31%     56.84% |        1659      3.40%     60.24% |        1778      3.64%     63.87% |        1814      3.71%     67.59% |        1321      2.70%     70.29% |        1671      3.42%     73.71% |        1657      3.39%     77.10% |        1802      3.69%     80.79% |        1538      3.15%     83.94% |        1921      3.93%     87.87% |        1143      2.34%     90.21% |        1703      3.49%     93.70% |        1360      2.78%     96.48% |        1720      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        48858                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |     1120708     70.30%     70.30% |           0      0.00%     70.30% |       16972      1.06%     71.36% |       16552      1.04%     72.40% |       16486      1.03%     73.44% |       16976      1.06%     74.50% |       14761      0.93%     75.43% |       18653      1.17%     76.60% |       14611      0.92%     77.51% |       16522      1.04%     78.55% |       14611      0.92%     79.47% |       14599      0.92%     80.38% |       14427      0.90%     81.29% |       16583      1.04%     82.33% |       16937      1.06%     83.39% |       16428      1.03%     84.42% |       17125      1.07%     85.49% |       16764      1.05%     86.54% |       14736      0.92%     87.47% |       16440      1.03%     88.50% |       14456      0.91%     89.41% |       14500      0.91%     90.32% |       14925      0.94%     91.25% |       14611      0.92%     92.17% |       14636      0.92%     93.09% |       14493      0.91%     94.00% |       14814      0.93%     94.93% |       14629      0.92%     95.84% |       17337      1.09%     96.93% |       14787      0.93%     97.86% |       17372      1.09%     98.95% |       16772      1.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1594223                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     18.18%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           4     36.36%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           2     18.18%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      9.09%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           2     18.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           11                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         606     99.67%     99.67% |           0      0.00%     99.67% |           0      0.00%     99.67% |           0      0.00%     99.67% |           0      0.00%     99.67% |           0      0.00%     99.67% |           1      0.16%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           1      0.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          608                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      248885     55.78%     55.78% |          12      0.00%     55.78% |        7067      1.58%     57.36% |        6810      1.53%     58.89% |        6812      1.53%     60.42% |        7065      1.58%     62.00% |        6166      1.38%     63.38% |        7712      1.73%     65.11% |        6166      1.38%     66.49% |        6811      1.53%     68.02% |        6165      1.38%     69.40% |        6167      1.38%     70.78% |        6163      1.38%     72.16% |        6810      1.53%     73.69% |        7064      1.58%     75.27% |        6810      1.53%     76.80% |        7067      1.58%     78.38% |        6813      1.53%     79.91% |        6166      1.38%     81.29% |        6809      1.53%     82.82% |        6164      1.38%     84.20% |        6165      1.38%     85.58% |        6165      1.38%     86.96% |        6163      1.38%     88.34% |        6167      1.38%     89.72% |        6164      1.38%     91.11% |        6166      1.38%     92.49% |        6166      1.38%     93.87% |        7069      1.58%     95.45% |        6165      1.38%     96.83% |        7066      1.58%     98.42% |        7059      1.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       446219                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     15.38%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           1      7.69%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           2     15.38%     38.46% |           1      7.69%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           1      7.69%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           2     15.38%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           4     30.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total           13                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      129882    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       129882                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          13     72.22%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           1      5.56%     77.78% |           2     11.11%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1      5.56%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |     1061873     66.55%     66.55% |           0      0.00%     66.55% |       18923      1.19%     67.73% |       18607      1.17%     68.90% |       18608      1.17%     70.07% |       18924      1.19%     71.25% |       16677      1.05%     72.30% |       20855      1.31%     73.61% |       16679      1.05%     74.65% |       18610      1.17%     75.82% |       16680      1.05%     76.86% |       16680      1.05%     77.91% |       16679      1.05%     78.95% |       18609      1.17%     80.12% |       18922      1.19%     81.30% |       18608      1.17%     82.47% |       18924      1.19%     83.66% |       18603      1.17%     84.82% |       16677      1.05%     85.87% |       18611      1.17%     87.03% |       16680      1.05%     88.08% |       16682      1.05%     89.13% |       16677      1.05%     90.17% |       16677      1.05%     91.22% |       16678      1.05%     92.26% |       16681      1.05%     93.31% |       16678      1.05%     94.35% |       16680      1.05%     95.40% |       18923      1.19%     96.58% |       16679      1.05%     97.63% |       18926      1.19%     98.81% |       18923      1.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1595633                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1814    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1814                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          48    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           48                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         369     83.30%     83.30% |           0      0.00%     83.30% |           3      0.68%     83.97% |           4      0.90%     84.88% |           0      0.00%     84.88% |           3      0.68%     85.55% |           3      0.68%     86.23% |           2      0.45%     86.68% |           2      0.45%     87.13% |           2      0.45%     87.58% |           4      0.90%     88.49% |           3      0.68%     89.16% |           1      0.23%     89.39% |           3      0.68%     90.07% |           1      0.23%     90.29% |           1      0.23%     90.52% |           3      0.68%     91.20% |           2      0.45%     91.65% |           3      0.68%     92.33% |           1      0.23%     92.55% |           2      0.45%     93.00% |           3      0.68%     93.68% |           2      0.45%     94.13% |           4      0.90%     95.03% |           4      0.90%     95.94% |           2      0.45%     96.39% |           1      0.23%     96.61% |           3      0.68%     97.29% |           2      0.45%     97.74% |           3      0.68%     98.42% |           3      0.68%     99.10% |           4      0.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          443                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           3      0.56%      0.56% |           0      0.00%      0.56% |          19      3.53%      4.08% |           0      0.00%      4.08% |          14      2.60%      6.68% |           7      1.30%      7.98% |          25      4.64%     12.62% |          43      7.98%     20.59% |          14      2.60%     23.19% |           3      0.56%     23.75% |          11      2.04%     25.79% |          26      4.82%     30.61% |          13      2.41%     33.02% |          19      3.53%     36.55% |          26      4.82%     41.37% |          36      6.68%     48.05% |          39      7.24%     55.29% |          16      2.97%     58.26% |          39      7.24%     65.49% |           1      0.19%     65.68% |           8      1.48%     67.16% |          10      1.86%     69.02% |           8      1.48%     70.50% |           3      0.56%     71.06% |          25      4.64%     75.70% |          22      4.08%     79.78% |          30      5.57%     85.34% |          37      6.86%     92.21% |          25      4.64%     96.85% |          11      2.04%     98.89% |           3      0.56%     99.44% |           3      0.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total          539                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     1307649     66.49%     66.49% |           0      0.00%     66.49% |       23760      1.21%     67.69% |       22942      1.17%     68.86% |       22922      1.17%     70.03% |       23662      1.20%     71.23% |       20569      1.05%     72.27% |       26024      1.32%     73.60% |       20449      1.04%     74.64% |       22873      1.16%     75.80% |       20265      1.03%     76.83% |       20261      1.03%     77.86% |       20137      1.02%     78.88% |       23071      1.17%     80.06% |       23789      1.21%     81.27% |       22832      1.16%     82.43% |       23845      1.21%     83.64% |       23174      1.18%     84.82% |       20344      1.03%     85.85% |       23045      1.17%     87.03% |       20222      1.03%     88.05% |       20241      1.03%     89.08% |       20707      1.05%     90.14% |       20369      1.04%     91.17% |       20365      1.04%     92.21% |       20211      1.03%     93.23% |       20481      1.04%     94.28% |       20443      1.04%     95.31% |       24065      1.22%     96.54% |       20493      1.04%     97.58% |       24066      1.22%     98.80% |       23530      1.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1966806                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           3      0.56%      0.56% |           0      0.00%      0.56% |          19      3.53%      4.08% |           0      0.00%      4.08% |          14      2.60%      6.68% |           7      1.30%      7.98% |          25      4.64%     12.62% |          43      7.98%     20.59% |          14      2.60%     23.19% |           3      0.56%     23.75% |          11      2.04%     25.79% |          26      4.82%     30.61% |          13      2.41%     33.02% |          19      3.53%     36.55% |          26      4.82%     41.37% |          36      6.68%     48.05% |          39      7.24%     55.29% |          16      2.97%     58.26% |          39      7.24%     65.49% |           1      0.19%     65.68% |           8      1.48%     67.16% |          10      1.86%     69.02% |           8      1.48%     70.50% |           3      0.56%     71.06% |          25      4.64%     75.70% |          22      4.08%     79.78% |          30      5.57%     85.34% |          37      6.86%     92.21% |          25      4.64%     96.85% |          11      2.04%     98.89% |           3      0.56%     99.44% |           3      0.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total          539                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3918      3.08%      3.08% |        3740      2.94%      6.03% |        3537      2.78%      8.81% |        3535      2.78%     11.59% |        3657      2.88%     14.47% |        4076      3.21%     17.67% |        3851      3.03%     20.71% |        3396      2.67%     23.38% |        3668      2.89%     26.26% |        5259      4.14%     30.40% |        4065      3.20%     33.60% |        3926      3.09%     36.69% |        3666      2.88%     39.57% |        4522      3.56%     43.13% |        3960      3.12%     46.25% |        3831      3.01%     49.26% |        4270      3.36%     52.62% |        4305      3.39%     56.01% |        3751      2.95%     58.96% |        3432      2.70%     61.66% |        3173      2.50%     64.16% |        3786      2.98%     67.14% |        3594      2.83%     69.96% |        3439      2.71%     72.67% |        3753      2.95%     75.62% |        3867      3.04%     78.67% |        3357      2.64%     81.31% |        4763      3.75%     85.06% |        4092      3.22%     88.28% |        5236      4.12%     92.40% |        5179      4.08%     96.47% |        4486      3.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       127090                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      108436     24.15%     24.15% |       13916      3.10%     27.25% |       11585      2.58%     29.82% |       12359      2.75%     32.58% |       11528      2.57%     35.14% |       11009      2.45%     37.60% |        9767      2.17%     39.77% |        9763      2.17%     41.94% |       11528      2.57%     44.51% |       10379      2.31%     46.82% |       13124      2.92%     49.75% |       12146      2.70%     52.45% |       10190      2.27%     54.72% |        9960      2.22%     56.94% |        9430      2.10%     59.04% |        9760      2.17%     61.21% |       10836      2.41%     63.62% |       10152      2.26%     65.88% |       10408      2.32%     68.20% |       10744      2.39%     70.59% |       10674      2.38%     72.97% |       11108      2.47%     75.44% |       12454      2.77%     78.22% |       10005      2.23%     80.45% |       10142      2.26%     82.70% |       10805      2.41%     85.11% |       10028      2.23%     87.34% |        9772      2.18%     89.52% |       11187      2.49%     92.01% |       10240      2.28%     94.29% |       11982      2.67%     96.96% |       13661      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       449078                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       66177      4.15%      4.15% |       50421      3.16%      7.31% |       47234      2.96%     10.27% |       46168      2.89%     13.16% |       46345      2.90%     16.07% |       46461      2.91%     18.98% |       45303      2.84%     21.82% |       45591      2.86%     24.67% |       47294      2.96%     27.64% |       47400      2.97%     30.61% |       47606      2.98%     33.59% |       48111      3.02%     36.61% |       46723      2.93%     39.53% |       46880      2.94%     42.47% |       47090      2.95%     45.42% |       47161      2.96%     48.38% |       48122      3.02%     51.39% |       48414      3.03%     54.43% |       49583      3.11%     57.54% |       50180      3.14%     60.68% |       50288      3.15%     63.83% |       52051      3.26%     67.09% |       51932      3.25%     70.35% |       50595      3.17%     73.52% |       50897      3.19%     76.71% |       51720      3.24%     79.95% |       50823      3.19%     83.14% |       51702      3.24%     86.38% |       52959      3.32%     89.70% |       51724      3.24%     92.94% |       58102      3.64%     96.58% |       54601      3.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1595658                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           2     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           4     25.00%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           3     18.75%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           4     25.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      170501      8.67%      8.67% |       62001      3.15%     11.82% |       56508      2.87%     14.69% |       56222      2.86%     17.55% |       55529      2.82%     20.38% |       54226      2.76%     23.13% |       52761      2.68%     25.82% |       53057      2.70%     28.51% |       56457      2.87%     31.38% |       55433      2.82%     34.20% |       58361      2.97%     37.17% |       57928      2.95%     40.11% |       54584      2.78%     42.89% |       54518      2.77%     45.66% |       54167      2.75%     48.42% |       54578      2.77%     51.19% |       56605      2.88%     54.07% |       56239      2.86%     56.93% |       57615      2.93%     59.86% |       58588      2.98%     62.84% |       58628      2.98%     65.82% |       60829      3.09%     68.91% |       62046      3.15%     72.07% |       58262      2.96%     75.03% |       58672      2.98%     78.01% |       60118      3.06%     81.07% |       58435      2.97%     84.04% |       59079      3.00%     87.04% |       61743      3.14%     90.18% |       59572      3.03%     93.21% |       67682      3.44%     96.65% |       65864      3.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1966808                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |          52      6.36%      6.36% |          46      5.63%     12.00% |          35      4.28%     16.28% |          28      3.43%     19.71% |          29      3.55%     23.26% |          24      2.94%     26.19% |          28      3.43%     29.62% |          28      3.43%     33.05% |          24      2.94%     35.99% |          26      3.18%     39.17% |          17      2.08%     41.25% |          20      2.45%     43.70% |          20      2.45%     46.14% |          22      2.69%     48.84% |          36      4.41%     53.24% |          28      3.43%     56.67% |          33      4.04%     60.71% |          24      2.94%     63.65% |          31      3.79%     67.44% |          27      3.30%     70.75% |          28      3.43%     74.17% |          24      2.94%     77.11% |          17      2.08%     79.19% |          19      2.33%     81.52% |          18      2.20%     83.72% |          22      2.69%     86.41% |          19      2.33%     88.74% |          26      3.18%     91.92% |          19      2.33%     94.25% |          12      1.47%     95.72% |          18      2.20%     97.92% |          17      2.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total          817                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       50040      4.07%      4.07% |       38046      3.09%      7.16% |       38078      3.10%     10.26% |       38079      3.10%     13.36% |       38042      3.09%     16.45% |       38048      3.09%     19.54% |       38061      3.09%     22.64% |       38076      3.10%     25.73% |       38118      3.10%     28.83% |       38044      3.09%     31.93% |       38052      3.09%     35.02% |       38054      3.09%     38.12% |       38037      3.09%     41.21% |       38055      3.09%     44.30% |       38044      3.09%     47.40% |       38019      3.09%     50.49% |       38068      3.10%     53.58% |       38087      3.10%     56.68% |       38095      3.10%     59.78% |       38090      3.10%     62.88% |       38062      3.10%     65.97% |       38110      3.10%     69.07% |       38096      3.10%     72.17% |       38089      3.10%     75.26% |       38085      3.10%     78.36% |       38032      3.09%     81.45% |       38020      3.09%     84.55% |       38022      3.09%     87.64% |       38016      3.09%     90.73% |       38006      3.09%     93.82% |       38007      3.09%     96.91% |       38004      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      1229782                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        9405      3.33%      3.33% |        8817      3.13%      6.46% |        8793      3.12%      9.58% |        8749      3.10%     12.68% |        8813      3.12%     15.80% |        8750      3.10%     18.91% |        8764      3.11%     22.01% |        8768      3.11%     25.12% |        8798      3.12%     28.24% |        8813      3.12%     31.37% |        8863      3.14%     34.51% |        8846      3.14%     37.65% |        8906      3.16%     40.80% |        8832      3.13%     43.93% |        8863      3.14%     47.08% |        8786      3.12%     50.19% |        8806      3.12%     53.31% |        8795      3.12%     56.43% |        8814      3.12%     59.56% |        8739      3.10%     62.65% |        8749      3.10%     65.76% |        8716      3.09%     68.85% |        8703      3.09%     71.93% |        8693      3.08%     75.01% |        8799      3.12%     78.13% |        8898      3.15%     81.29% |        8834      3.13%     84.42% |        8744      3.10%     87.52% |        8806      3.12%     90.64% |        8818      3.13%     93.77% |        8780      3.11%     96.88% |        8793      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       282053                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       60561      3.92%      3.92% |       47913      3.10%      7.02% |       47919      3.10%     10.12% |       47876      3.10%     13.22% |       47901      3.10%     16.32% |       47845      3.10%     19.41% |       47873      3.10%     22.51% |       47892      3.10%     25.61% |       47964      3.10%     28.71% |       47905      3.10%     31.81% |       47962      3.10%     34.92% |       47947      3.10%     38.02% |       47991      3.11%     41.12% |       47934      3.10%     44.23% |       47954      3.10%     47.33% |       47852      3.10%     50.43% |       47921      3.10%     53.53% |       47930      3.10%     56.63% |       47956      3.10%     59.73% |       47877      3.10%     62.83% |       47859      3.10%     65.93% |       47875      3.10%     69.02% |       47847      3.10%     72.12% |       47829      3.09%     75.21% |       47931      3.10%     78.32% |       47979      3.10%     81.42% |       47903      3.10%     84.52% |       47813      3.09%     87.61% |       47869      3.10%     90.71% |       47872      3.10%     93.81% |       47836      3.10%     96.90% |       47846      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1545432                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       59537      3.94%      3.94% |       46889      3.10%      7.04% |       46895      3.10%     10.14% |       46852      3.10%     13.23% |       46877      3.10%     16.33% |       46821      3.10%     19.43% |       46849      3.10%     22.52% |       46868      3.10%     25.62% |       46940      3.10%     28.73% |       46881      3.10%     31.83% |       46938      3.10%     34.93% |       46923      3.10%     38.03% |       46967      3.10%     41.14% |       46910      3.10%     44.24% |       46930      3.10%     47.34% |       46828      3.10%     50.43% |       46897      3.10%     53.53% |       46906      3.10%     56.64% |       46932      3.10%     59.74% |       46853      3.10%     62.84% |       46835      3.10%     65.93% |       46851      3.10%     69.03% |       46823      3.10%     72.12% |       46805      3.09%     75.22% |       46907      3.10%     78.32% |       46955      3.10%     81.42% |       46879      3.10%     84.52% |       46789      3.09%     87.62% |       46845      3.10%     90.71% |       46848      3.10%     93.81% |       46812      3.09%     96.90% |       46822      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1512664                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |        1540      3.12%      3.12% |        1525      3.09%      6.21% |        1521      3.08%      9.29% |        1511      3.06%     12.36% |        1545      3.13%     15.49% |        1549      3.14%     18.63% |        1519      3.08%     21.71% |        1513      3.07%     24.77% |        1496      3.03%     27.80% |        1552      3.15%     30.95% |        1548      3.14%     34.09% |        1552      3.15%     37.23% |        1542      3.13%     40.36% |        1532      3.10%     43.46% |        1545      3.13%     46.59% |        1556      3.15%     49.75% |        1560      3.16%     52.91% |        1517      3.07%     55.98% |        1520      3.08%     59.06% |        1519      3.08%     62.14% |        1525      3.09%     65.23% |        1509      3.06%     68.29% |        1517      3.07%     71.37% |        1518      3.08%     74.44% |        1529      3.10%     77.54% |        1578      3.20%     80.74% |        1584      3.21%     83.95% |        1573      3.19%     87.14% |        1588      3.22%     90.36% |        1583      3.21%     93.56% |        1590      3.22%     96.79% |        1586      3.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total        49342                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |          17     25.00%     25.00% |           3      4.41%     29.41% |           2      2.94%     32.35% |           1      1.47%     33.82% |           1      1.47%     35.29% |           2      2.94%     38.24% |           1      1.47%     39.71% |           2      2.94%     42.65% |           0      0.00%     42.65% |           0      0.00%     42.65% |           1      1.47%     44.12% |           1      1.47%     45.59% |           0      0.00%     45.59% |           1      1.47%     47.06% |           4      5.88%     52.94% |           2      2.94%     55.88% |           5      7.35%     63.24% |           2      2.94%     66.18% |           5      7.35%     73.53% |           2      2.94%     76.47% |           0      0.00%     76.47% |           0      0.00%     76.47% |           1      1.47%     77.94% |           2      2.94%     80.88% |           2      2.94%     83.82% |           2      2.94%     86.76% |           1      1.47%     88.24% |           3      4.41%     92.65% |           3      4.41%     97.06% |           1      1.47%     98.53% |           0      0.00%     98.53% |           1      1.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total           68                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |          10     83.33%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1      8.33%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           1      8.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total           12                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        1054      3.46%      3.46% |         891      2.92%      6.38% |         877      2.88%      9.26% |         868      2.85%     12.10% |         914      3.00%     15.10% |         874      2.87%     17.97% |         910      2.99%     20.96% |         931      3.05%     24.01% |        1039      3.41%     27.42% |         910      2.99%     30.40% |         968      3.18%     33.58% |         973      3.19%     36.77% |        1037      3.40%     40.17% |         981      3.22%     43.39% |         997      3.27%     46.66% |         937      3.07%     49.73% |         950      3.12%     52.85% |        1004      3.29%     56.14% |         999      3.28%     59.42% |         953      3.13%     62.55% |         944      3.10%     65.64% |         955      3.13%     68.78% |         925      3.03%     71.81% |         918      3.01%     74.82% |        1007      3.30%     78.13% |        1045      3.43%     81.55% |         990      3.25%     84.80% |         920      3.02%     87.82% |         930      3.05%     90.87% |         947      3.11%     93.98% |         932      3.06%     97.03% |         904      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        30484                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |          11     84.62%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      7.69%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           1      7.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total           13                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      172938      8.47%      8.47% |       64316      3.15%     11.62% |       58812      2.88%     14.50% |       58506      2.87%     17.37% |       57847      2.83%     20.20% |       56551      2.77%     22.97% |       55056      2.70%     25.66% |       55346      2.71%     28.37% |       58814      2.88%     31.26% |       57775      2.83%     34.08% |       60711      2.97%     37.06% |       60254      2.95%     40.01% |       56911      2.79%     42.80% |       56838      2.78%     45.58% |       56501      2.77%     48.35% |       56916      2.79%     51.13% |       58956      2.89%     54.02% |       58560      2.87%     56.89% |       59943      2.94%     59.83% |       60924      2.98%     62.81% |       60962      2.99%     65.79% |       63141      3.09%     68.89% |       64376      3.15%     72.04% |       60597      2.97%     75.01% |       61029      2.99%     78.00% |       62520      3.06%     81.06% |       60849      2.98%     84.04% |       61468      3.01%     87.05% |       64144      3.14%     90.19% |       61964      3.03%     93.22% |       70083      3.43%     96.66% |       68260      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2041868                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.08%     11.08% |          52      3.13%     14.22% |          48      2.89%     17.11% |          48      2.89%     20.00% |          46      2.77%     22.77% |          46      2.77%     25.54% |          48      2.89%     28.43% |          48      2.89%     31.33% |          48      2.89%     34.22% |          48      2.89%     37.11% |          46      2.77%     39.88% |          46      2.77%     42.65% |          48      2.89%     45.54% |          46      2.77%     48.31% |          46      2.77%     51.08% |          46      2.77%     53.86% |          46      2.77%     56.63% |          48      2.89%     59.52% |          46      2.77%     62.29% |          48      2.89%     65.18% |          48      2.89%     68.07% |          50      3.01%     71.08% |          48      2.89%     73.98% |          46      2.77%     76.75% |          46      2.77%     79.52% |          50      3.01%     82.53% |          50      3.01%     85.54% |          46      2.77%     88.31% |          46      2.77%     91.08% |          48      2.89%     93.98% |          50      3.01%     96.99% |          50      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1660                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         542      3.26%      3.26% |         470      2.83%      6.09% |         465      2.80%      8.89% |         466      2.80%     11.69% |         513      3.09%     14.78% |         466      2.80%     17.59% |         504      3.03%     20.62% |         529      3.18%     23.80% |         547      3.29%     27.10% |         487      2.93%     30.03% |         533      3.21%     33.24% |         566      3.41%     36.64% |         618      3.72%     40.36% |         561      3.38%     43.74% |         579      3.48%     47.22% |         523      3.15%     50.37% |         533      3.21%     53.58% |         569      3.42%     57.00% |         562      3.38%     60.39% |         509      3.06%     63.45% |         502      3.02%     66.47% |         520      3.13%     69.60% |         480      2.89%     72.49% |         468      2.82%     75.31% |         546      3.29%     78.59% |         592      3.56%     82.15% |         532      3.20%     85.36% |         479      2.88%     88.24% |         489      2.94%     91.18% |         510      3.07%     94.25% |         490      2.95%     97.20% |         465      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        16615                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       19161      8.07%      8.07% |        7114      3.00%     11.07% |        7113      3.00%     14.07% |        7063      2.98%     17.04% |        7036      2.96%     20.01% |        7016      2.96%     22.97% |        7030      2.96%     25.93% |        7027      2.96%     28.89% |        7068      2.98%     31.87% |        7074      2.98%     34.85% |        7100      2.99%     37.84% |        7023      2.96%     40.80% |        7034      2.96%     43.76% |        7035      2.96%     46.73% |        7034      2.96%     49.69% |        6999      2.95%     52.64% |        7036      2.96%     55.60% |        7010      2.95%     58.56% |        7045      2.97%     61.53% |        7023      2.96%     64.49% |        7017      2.96%     67.44% |        7001      2.95%     70.39% |        7028      2.96%     73.35% |        7020      2.96%     76.31% |        7038      2.97%     79.28% |        7042      2.97%     82.24% |        7022      2.96%     85.20% |        6998      2.95%     88.15% |        7044      2.97%     91.12% |        7026      2.96%     94.08% |        6997      2.95%     97.03% |        7050      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       237324                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       40858      3.16%      3.16% |       40329      3.12%      6.29% |       40341      3.12%      9.41% |       40347      3.12%     12.53% |       40353      3.12%     15.66% |       40363      3.13%     18.78% |       40339      3.12%     21.91% |       40336      3.12%     25.03% |       40349      3.12%     28.15% |       40344      3.12%     31.28% |       40329      3.12%     34.40% |       40358      3.12%     37.53% |       40339      3.12%     40.65% |       40338      3.12%     43.77% |       40341      3.12%     46.90% |       40330      3.12%     50.02% |       40352      3.12%     53.14% |       40351      3.12%     56.27% |       40349      3.12%     59.39% |       40345      3.12%     62.52% |       40340      3.12%     65.64% |       40354      3.12%     68.76% |       40339      3.12%     71.89% |       40341      3.12%     75.01% |       40347      3.12%     78.14% |       40345      3.12%     81.26% |       40349      3.12%     84.38% |       40336      3.12%     87.51% |       40336      3.12%     90.63% |       40336      3.12%     93.75% |       40349      3.12%     96.88% |       40331      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total      1291494                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |          23      7.32%      7.32% |          20      6.37%     13.69% |          15      4.78%     18.47% |          12      3.82%     22.29% |          12      3.82%     26.11% |           9      2.87%     28.98% |          11      3.50%     32.48% |          12      3.82%     36.31% |           7      2.23%     38.54% |           8      2.55%     41.08% |           7      2.23%     43.31% |           6      1.91%     45.22% |           6      1.91%     47.13% |           7      2.23%     49.36% |          12      3.82%     53.18% |          11      3.50%     56.69% |          12      3.82%     60.51% |           9      2.87%     63.38% |          13      4.14%     67.52% |          10      3.18%     70.70% |           9      2.87%     73.57% |          10      3.18%     76.75% |           6      1.91%     78.66% |           7      2.23%     80.89% |           6      1.91%     82.80% |           9      2.87%     85.67% |           8      2.55%     88.22% |          10      3.18%     91.40% |           8      2.55%     93.95% |           5      1.59%     95.54% |           6      1.91%     97.45% |           8      2.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total          314                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3371      3.05%      3.05% |        3260      2.95%      6.01% |        3068      2.78%      8.79% |        3061      2.77%     11.56% |        3142      2.85%     14.41% |        3606      3.27%     17.68% |        3343      3.03%     20.71% |        2859      2.59%     23.30% |        3120      2.83%     26.13% |        4771      4.32%     30.45% |        3529      3.20%     33.65% |        3350      3.04%     36.68% |        3044      2.76%     39.44% |        3961      3.59%     43.03% |        3377      3.06%     46.09% |        3308      3.00%     49.09% |        3737      3.39%     52.48% |        3735      3.38%     55.86% |        3177      2.88%     58.74% |        2923      2.65%     61.39% |        2670      2.42%     63.81% |        3265      2.96%     66.77% |        3112      2.82%     69.59% |        2969      2.69%     72.28% |        3202      2.90%     75.18% |        3272      2.97%     78.14% |        2823      2.56%     80.70% |        4283      3.88%     84.58% |        3596      3.26%     87.84% |        4723      4.28%     92.12% |        4673      4.23%     96.36% |        4020      3.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110350                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1661     58.65%     58.65% |          21      0.74%     59.39% |           5      0.18%     59.57% |          25      0.88%     60.45% |          12      0.42%     60.88% |         911     32.17%     93.04% |          14      0.49%     93.54% |           8      0.28%     93.82% |           4      0.14%     93.96% |           4      0.14%     94.10% |          14      0.49%     94.60% |           3      0.11%     94.70% |           2      0.07%     94.77% |           2      0.07%     94.84% |          22      0.78%     95.62% |           5      0.18%     95.80% |           2      0.07%     95.87% |           6      0.21%     96.08% |          52      1.84%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |          18      0.64%     98.55% |          10      0.35%     98.91% |           3      0.11%     99.01% |          10      0.35%     99.36% |           5      0.18%     99.54% |           2      0.07%     99.61% |           5      0.18%     99.79% |           1      0.04%     99.82% |           1      0.04%     99.86% |           2      0.07%     99.93% |           2      0.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         2832                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           2      6.90%      6.90% |           6     20.69%     27.59% |           2      6.90%     34.48% |           2      6.90%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           1      3.45%     44.83% |           0      0.00%     44.83% |           0      0.00%     44.83% |           1      3.45%     48.28% |           1      3.45%     51.72% |           0      0.00%     51.72% |           4     13.79%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           5     17.24%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           1      3.45%     86.21% |           2      6.90%     93.10% |           1      3.45%     96.55% |           1      3.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           29                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           2     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           4     25.00%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           3     18.75%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           4     25.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     28.57%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           2     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         552      3.32%      3.32% |         469      2.82%      6.15% |         465      2.80%      8.95% |         466      2.81%     11.75% |         511      3.08%     14.83% |         467      2.81%     17.64% |         506      3.05%     20.69% |         529      3.19%     23.88% |         546      3.29%     27.16% |         484      2.91%     30.08% |         534      3.22%     33.30% |         566      3.41%     36.70% |         618      3.72%     40.43% |         561      3.38%     43.80% |         577      3.47%     47.28% |         521      3.14%     50.42% |         531      3.20%     53.61% |         568      3.42%     57.03% |         563      3.39%     60.42% |         505      3.04%     63.47% |         502      3.02%     66.49% |         519      3.13%     69.61% |         482      2.90%     72.52% |         469      2.82%     75.34% |         547      3.29%     78.63% |         591      3.56%     82.19% |         533      3.21%     85.40% |         477      2.87%     88.28% |         486      2.93%     91.20% |         508      3.06%     94.26% |         487      2.93%     97.19% |         466      2.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        16606                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      5.81%      5.81% |          10     11.63%     17.44% |           4      4.65%     22.09% |           8      9.30%     31.40% |           2      2.33%     33.72% |           4      4.65%     38.37% |           4      4.65%     43.02% |           1      1.16%     44.19% |           1      1.16%     45.35% |           1      1.16%     46.51% |           3      3.49%     50.00% |           1      1.16%     51.16% |           4      4.65%     55.81% |           0      0.00%     55.81% |           4      4.65%     60.47% |           0      0.00%     60.47% |           0      0.00%     60.47% |           1      1.16%     61.63% |          12     13.95%     75.58% |           0      0.00%     75.58% |           1      1.16%     76.74% |           1      1.16%     77.91% |           2      2.33%     80.23% |           2      2.33%     82.56% |           5      5.81%     88.37% |           3      3.49%     91.86% |           2      2.33%     94.19% |           1      1.16%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           1      1.16%     96.51% |           2      2.33%     98.84% |           1      1.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           86                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       87602     41.94%     41.94% |        6781      3.25%     45.18% |        4465      2.14%     47.32% |        5271      2.52%     49.84% |        4480      2.14%     51.99% |        3080      1.47%     53.46% |        2723      1.30%     54.77% |        2728      1.31%     56.07% |        4452      2.13%     58.20% |        3301      1.58%     59.78% |        6005      2.87%     62.66% |        5120      2.45%     65.11% |        3154      1.51%     66.62% |        2923      1.40%     68.02% |        2374      1.14%     69.15% |        2756      1.32%     70.47% |        3798      1.82%     72.29% |        3136      1.50%     73.79% |        3311      1.59%     75.38% |        3721      1.78%     77.16% |        3657      1.75%     78.91% |        4089      1.96%     80.87% |        5416      2.59%     83.46% |        2982      1.43%     84.89% |        3094      1.48%     86.37% |        3758      1.80%     88.17% |        3004      1.44%     89.61% |        2768      1.33%     90.93% |        4141      1.98%     92.91% |        3213      1.54%     94.45% |        4983      2.39%     96.84% |        6609      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       208895                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       25302      8.32%      8.32% |       10086      3.32%     11.64% |        6891      2.27%     13.90% |        5819      1.91%     15.82% |        5977      1.97%     17.78% |        6092      2.00%     19.79% |        4963      1.63%     21.42% |        5255      1.73%     23.15% |        6945      2.28%     25.43% |        7055      2.32%     27.75% |        7276      2.39%     30.14% |        7753      2.55%     32.69% |        6380      2.10%     34.79% |        6542      2.15%     36.94% |        6749      2.22%     39.16% |        6831      2.25%     41.41% |        7770      2.56%     43.96% |        8063      2.65%     46.61% |        9229      3.03%     49.65% |        9835      3.23%     52.88% |        9948      3.27%     56.15% |       11697      3.85%     60.00% |       11593      3.81%     63.81% |       10254      3.37%     67.18% |       10549      3.47%     70.65% |       11373      3.74%     74.39% |       10473      3.44%     77.84% |       11365      3.74%     81.57% |       12623      4.15%     85.72% |       11388      3.74%     89.47% |       17753      5.84%     95.31% |       14270      4.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       304099                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       50033      4.07%      4.07% |       38040      3.09%      7.16% |       38072      3.10%     10.26% |       38075      3.10%     13.35% |       38041      3.09%     16.45% |       38043      3.09%     19.54% |       38059      3.10%     22.64% |       38072      3.10%     25.73% |       38098      3.10%     28.83% |       38042      3.09%     31.92% |       38048      3.09%     35.02% |       38053      3.09%     38.11% |       38037      3.09%     41.21% |       38055      3.09%     44.30% |       38043      3.09%     47.40% |       38019      3.09%     50.49% |       38059      3.10%     53.58% |       38087      3.10%     56.68% |       38093      3.10%     59.78% |       38090      3.10%     62.87% |       38062      3.10%     65.97% |       38108      3.10%     69.07% |       38094      3.10%     72.17% |       38087      3.10%     75.26% |       38082      3.10%     78.36% |       38031      3.09%     81.45% |       38017      3.09%     84.55% |       38020      3.09%     87.64% |       38013      3.09%     90.73% |       38004      3.09%     93.82% |       38005      3.09%     96.91% |       38003      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total      1229685                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        6866      3.39%      3.39% |        6404      3.17%      6.56% |        6399      3.16%      9.72% |        6373      3.15%     12.87% |        6354      3.14%     16.01% |        6331      3.13%     19.14% |        6336      3.13%     22.27% |        6326      3.13%     25.40% |        6283      3.11%     28.50% |        6353      3.14%     31.64% |        6350      3.14%     34.78% |        6321      3.12%     37.91% |        6327      3.13%     41.03% |        6318      3.12%     44.16% |        6318      3.12%     47.28% |        6291      3.11%     50.39% |        6300      3.11%     53.50% |        6272      3.10%     56.60% |        6292      3.11%     59.71% |        6265      3.10%     62.81% |        6280      3.10%     65.91% |        6254      3.09%     69.01% |        6262      3.10%     72.10% |        6257      3.09%     75.19% |        6264      3.10%     78.29% |        6274      3.10%     81.39% |        6262      3.10%     84.48% |        6250      3.09%     87.57% |        6289      3.11%     90.68% |        6289      3.11%     93.79% |        6260      3.09%     96.88% |        6303      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       202323                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          38      4.90%      4.90% |          26      3.35%      8.25% |          24      3.09%     11.34% |          24      3.09%     14.43% |          23      2.96%     17.40% |          23      2.96%     20.36% |          24      3.09%     23.45% |          24      3.09%     26.55% |          24      3.09%     29.64% |          24      3.09%     32.73% |          23      2.96%     35.70% |          23      2.96%     38.66% |          24      3.09%     41.75% |          23      2.96%     44.72% |          23      2.96%     47.68% |          23      2.96%     50.64% |          23      2.96%     53.61% |          24      3.09%     56.70% |          23      2.96%     59.66% |          24      3.09%     62.76% |          24      3.09%     65.85% |          25      3.22%     69.07% |          24      3.09%     72.16% |          23      2.96%     75.13% |          23      2.96%     78.09% |          25      3.22%     81.31% |          25      3.22%     84.54% |          23      2.96%     87.50% |          23      2.96%     90.46% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          776                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |          11     84.62%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      7.69%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           1      7.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total           13                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |          11    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total           11                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      170499      8.67%      8.67% |       62001      3.15%     11.82% |       56508      2.87%     14.69% |       56222      2.86%     17.55% |       55529      2.82%     20.38% |       54226      2.76%     23.13% |       52761      2.68%     25.82% |       53057      2.70%     28.51% |       56457      2.87%     31.38% |       55433      2.82%     34.20% |       58361      2.97%     37.17% |       57928      2.95%     40.11% |       54584      2.78%     42.89% |       54518      2.77%     45.66% |       54167      2.75%     48.42% |       54578      2.77%     51.19% |       56605      2.88%     54.07% |       56239      2.86%     56.93% |       57615      2.93%     59.86% |       58588      2.98%     62.84% |       58628      2.98%     65.82% |       60829      3.09%     68.91% |       62046      3.15%     72.07% |       58262      2.96%     75.03% |       58672      2.98%     78.01% |       60118      3.06%     81.07% |       58435      2.97%     84.04% |       59079      3.00%     87.04% |       61743      3.14%     90.18% |       59572      3.03%     93.21% |       67682      3.44%     96.65% |       65864      3.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1966806                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           7      8.43%      8.43% |           2      2.41%     10.84% |           5      6.02%     16.87% |           3      3.61%     20.48% |           1      1.20%     21.69% |           3      3.61%     25.30% |           2      2.41%     27.71% |           4      4.82%     32.53% |          20     24.10%     56.63% |           1      1.20%     57.83% |           3      3.61%     61.45% |           1      1.20%     62.65% |           0      0.00%     62.65% |           0      0.00%     62.65% |           0      0.00%     62.65% |           0      0.00%     62.65% |           9     10.84%     73.49% |           0      0.00%     73.49% |           1      1.20%     74.70% |           0      0.00%     74.70% |           0      0.00%     74.70% |           2      2.41%     77.11% |           2      2.41%     79.52% |           2      2.41%     81.93% |           2      2.41%     84.34% |           1      1.20%     85.54% |           3      3.61%     89.16% |           2      2.41%     91.57% |           2      2.41%     93.98% |           2      2.41%     96.39% |           2      2.41%     98.80% |           1      1.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total           83                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |        1987      3.15%      3.15% |        1944      3.08%      6.23% |        1929      3.06%      9.28% |        1910      3.03%     12.31% |        1948      3.09%     15.40% |        1952      3.09%     18.49% |        1922      3.04%     21.53% |        1913      3.03%     24.56% |        1969      3.12%     27.68% |        1976      3.13%     30.81% |        1979      3.14%     33.95% |        1959      3.10%     37.05% |        1961      3.11%     40.16% |        1953      3.09%     43.25% |        1968      3.12%     46.37% |        1974      3.13%     49.50% |        1975      3.13%     52.62% |        1955      3.10%     55.72% |        1959      3.10%     58.83% |        1969      3.12%     61.94% |        1967      3.12%     65.06% |        1943      3.08%     68.14% |        1959      3.10%     71.24% |        1967      3.12%     74.36% |        1988      3.15%     77.51% |        2033      3.22%     80.73% |        2039      3.23%     83.96% |        2017      3.20%     87.15% |        2031      3.22%     90.37% |        2021      3.20%     93.57% |        2033      3.22%     96.79% |        2024      3.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total        63124                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7     18.92%     18.92% |           0      0.00%     18.92% |           0      0.00%     18.92% |           0      0.00%     18.92% |           9     24.32%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           7     18.92%     62.16% |           2      5.41%     67.57% |          12     32.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           37                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           1      7.69%      7.69% |           0      0.00%      7.69% |           2     15.38%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           4     30.77%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           5     38.46%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           1      7.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           13                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           2     15.38%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |          11     84.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           13                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old |           6      2.67%      2.67% |           6      2.67%      5.33% |           5      2.22%      7.56% |           4      1.78%      9.33% |           5      2.22%     11.56% |           7      3.11%     14.67% |           8      3.56%     18.22% |           7      3.11%     21.33% |          11      4.89%     26.22% |          13      5.78%     32.00% |           6      2.67%     34.67% |          11      4.89%     39.56% |           9      4.00%     43.56% |          10      4.44%     48.00% |          14      6.22%     54.22% |           8      3.56%     57.78% |           9      4.00%     61.78% |           7      3.11%     64.89% |           7      3.11%     68.00% |           8      3.56%     71.56% |          10      4.44%     76.00% |           5      2.22%     78.22% |           7      3.11%     81.33% |           6      2.67%     84.00% |           6      2.67%     86.67% |           4      1.78%     88.44% |           3      1.33%     89.78% |           6      2.67%     92.44% |           4      1.78%     94.22% |           4      1.78%     96.00% |           6      2.67%     98.67% |           3      1.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old::total          225                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       59537      3.94%      3.94% |       46889      3.10%      7.04% |       46895      3.10%     10.14% |       46852      3.10%     13.23% |       46877      3.10%     16.33% |       46821      3.10%     19.43% |       46849      3.10%     22.52% |       46868      3.10%     25.62% |       46940      3.10%     28.73% |       46881      3.10%     31.83% |       46938      3.10%     34.93% |       46923      3.10%     38.03% |       46967      3.10%     41.14% |       46910      3.10%     44.24% |       46930      3.10%     47.34% |       46828      3.10%     50.43% |       46897      3.10%     53.53% |       46906      3.10%     56.64% |       46932      3.10%     59.74% |       46853      3.10%     62.84% |       46835      3.10%     65.93% |       46851      3.10%     69.03% |       46823      3.10%     72.12% |       46805      3.09%     75.22% |       46907      3.10%     78.32% |       46955      3.10%     81.42% |       46879      3.10%     84.52% |       46789      3.09%     87.62% |       46845      3.10%     90.71% |       46848      3.10%     93.81% |       46812      3.09%     96.90% |       46822      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1512664                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          38      4.90%      4.90% |          26      3.35%      8.25% |          24      3.09%     11.34% |          24      3.09%     14.43% |          23      2.96%     17.40% |          23      2.96%     20.36% |          24      3.09%     23.45% |          24      3.09%     26.55% |          24      3.09%     29.64% |          24      3.09%     32.73% |          23      2.96%     35.70% |          23      2.96%     38.66% |          24      3.09%     41.75% |          23      2.96%     44.72% |          23      2.96%     47.68% |          23      2.96%     50.64% |          23      2.96%     53.61% |          24      3.09%     56.70% |          23      2.96%     59.66% |          24      3.09%     62.76% |          24      3.09%     65.85% |          25      3.22%     69.07% |          24      3.09%     72.16% |          23      2.96%     75.13% |          23      2.96%     78.09% |          25      3.22%     81.31% |          25      3.22%     84.54% |          23      2.96%     87.50% |          23      2.96%     90.46% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          776                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          58     52.73%     52.73% |           0      0.00%     52.73% |           2      1.82%     54.55% |           1      0.91%     55.45% |           1      0.91%     56.36% |           1      0.91%     57.27% |           1      0.91%     58.18% |           1      0.91%     59.09% |          18     16.36%     75.45% |           0      0.00%     75.45% |           1      0.91%     76.36% |           0      0.00%     76.36% |           0      0.00%     76.36% |           0      0.00%     76.36% |           0      0.00%     76.36% |           0      0.00%     76.36% |           9      8.18%     84.55% |           0      0.00%     84.55% |           0      0.00%     84.55% |           0      0.00%     84.55% |           0      0.00%     84.55% |           2      1.82%     86.36% |           1      0.91%     87.27% |           1      0.91%     88.18% |           2      1.82%     90.00% |           1      0.91%     90.91% |           2      1.82%     92.73% |           2      1.82%     94.55% |           2      1.82%     96.36% |           2      1.82%     98.18% |           2      1.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          110                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3     11.11%     11.11% |           2      7.41%     18.52% |           3     11.11%     29.63% |           2      7.41%     37.04% |           0      0.00%     37.04% |           2      7.41%     44.44% |           1      3.70%     48.15% |           3     11.11%     59.26% |           2      7.41%     66.67% |           1      3.70%     70.37% |           2      7.41%     77.78% |           1      3.70%     81.48% |           0      0.00%     81.48% |           0      0.00%     81.48% |           0      0.00%     81.48% |           0      0.00%     81.48% |           0      0.00%     81.48% |           0      0.00%     81.48% |           1      3.70%     85.19% |           0      0.00%     85.19% |           0      0.00%     85.19% |           0      0.00%     85.19% |           1      3.70%     88.89% |           1      3.70%     92.59% |           0      0.00%     92.59% |           0      0.00%     92.59% |           1      3.70%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           1      3.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           27                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     40.00%     40.00% |           6     60.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |          23      8.27%      8.27% |          20      7.19%     15.47% |          15      5.40%     20.86% |          12      4.32%     25.18% |          12      4.32%     29.50% |           8      2.88%     32.37% |           9      3.24%     35.61% |           9      3.24%     38.85% |           6      2.16%     41.01% |           5      1.80%     42.81% |           4      1.44%     44.24% |           3      1.08%     45.32% |           5      1.80%     47.12% |           5      1.80%     48.92% |          10      3.60%     52.52% |           9      3.24%     55.76% |          12      4.32%     60.07% |           8      2.88%     62.95% |          11      3.96%     66.91% |           9      3.24%     70.14% |           9      3.24%     73.38% |           9      3.24%     76.62% |           4      1.44%     78.06% |           6      2.16%     80.22% |           6      2.16%     82.37% |           9      3.24%     85.61% |           8      2.88%     88.49% |          10      3.60%     92.09% |           7      2.52%     94.60% |           3      1.08%     95.68% |           6      2.16%     97.84% |           6      2.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total          278                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |        1482      3.01%      3.01% |        1525      3.10%      6.11% |        1519      3.09%      9.19% |        1510      3.07%     12.26% |        1544      3.14%     15.40% |        1547      3.14%     18.54% |        1518      3.08%     21.62% |        1512      3.07%     24.69% |        1478      3.00%     27.70% |        1552      3.15%     30.85% |        1547      3.14%     33.99% |        1552      3.15%     37.14% |        1542      3.13%     40.28% |        1532      3.11%     43.39% |        1545      3.14%     46.53% |        1556      3.16%     49.69% |        1551      3.15%     52.84% |        1517      3.08%     55.92% |        1520      3.09%     59.01% |        1519      3.09%     62.09% |        1525      3.10%     65.19% |        1507      3.06%     68.25% |        1516      3.08%     71.33% |        1517      3.08%     74.41% |        1527      3.10%     77.51% |        1577      3.20%     80.72% |        1582      3.21%     83.93% |        1571      3.19%     87.12% |        1585      3.22%     90.34% |        1581      3.21%     93.55% |        1588      3.23%     96.78% |        1586      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total        49230                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |           6     10.53%     10.53% |           3      5.26%     15.79% |           2      3.51%     19.30% |           1      1.75%     21.05% |           1      1.75%     22.81% |           2      3.51%     26.32% |           1      1.75%     28.07% |           2      3.51%     31.58% |           0      0.00%     31.58% |           0      0.00%     31.58% |           1      1.75%     33.33% |           1      1.75%     35.09% |           0      0.00%     35.09% |           1      1.75%     36.84% |           4      7.02%     43.86% |           2      3.51%     47.37% |           5      8.77%     56.14% |           2      3.51%     59.65% |           5      8.77%     68.42% |           2      3.51%     71.93% |           0      0.00%     71.93% |           0      0.00%     71.93% |           1      1.75%     73.68% |           2      3.51%     77.19% |           2      3.51%     80.70% |           2      3.51%     84.21% |           1      1.75%     85.96% |           3      5.26%     91.23% |           3      5.26%     96.49% |           1      1.75%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           1      1.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total           57                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |         499      3.61%      3.61% |         416      3.01%      6.61% |         408      2.95%      9.56% |         399      2.88%     12.44% |         403      2.91%     15.36% |         403      2.91%     18.27% |         403      2.91%     21.18% |         399      2.88%     24.07% |         491      3.55%     27.61% |         424      3.06%     30.68% |         431      3.11%     33.79% |         406      2.93%     36.73% |         419      3.03%     39.76% |         420      3.04%     42.79% |         419      3.03%     45.82% |         416      3.01%     48.83% |         419      3.03%     51.85% |         436      3.15%     55.00% |         434      3.14%     58.14% |         448      3.24%     61.38% |         442      3.19%     64.57% |         436      3.15%     67.72% |         442      3.19%     70.92% |         448      3.24%     74.16% |         459      3.32%     77.47% |         454      3.28%     80.75% |         456      3.30%     84.05% |         443      3.20%     87.25% |         443      3.20%     90.45% |         439      3.17%     93.63% |         445      3.22%     96.84% |         437      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total        13837                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |          10    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         552      3.32%      3.32% |         469      2.82%      6.15% |         465      2.80%      8.95% |         466      2.81%     11.75% |         511      3.08%     14.83% |         467      2.81%     17.64% |         506      3.05%     20.69% |         529      3.19%     23.88% |         546      3.29%     27.16% |         484      2.91%     30.08% |         534      3.22%     33.30% |         566      3.41%     36.70% |         618      3.72%     40.43% |         561      3.38%     43.80% |         577      3.47%     47.28% |         521      3.14%     50.42% |         531      3.20%     53.61% |         568      3.42%     57.03% |         563      3.39%     60.42% |         505      3.04%     63.47% |         502      3.02%     66.49% |         519      3.13%     69.61% |         482      2.90%     72.52% |         469      2.82%     75.34% |         547      3.29%     78.63% |         591      3.56%     82.19% |         533      3.21%     85.40% |         477      2.87%     88.28% |         486      2.93%     91.20% |         508      3.06%     94.26% |         487      2.93%     97.19% |         466      2.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        16606                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     28.57%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           2     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       19161      8.07%      8.07% |        7114      3.00%     11.07% |        7113      3.00%     14.07% |        7063      2.98%     17.04% |        7036      2.96%     20.01% |        7016      2.96%     22.97% |        7030      2.96%     25.93% |        7027      2.96%     28.89% |        7068      2.98%     31.87% |        7074      2.98%     34.85% |        7100      2.99%     37.84% |        7023      2.96%     40.80% |        7034      2.96%     43.76% |        7035      2.96%     46.73% |        7034      2.96%     49.69% |        6999      2.95%     52.64% |        7036      2.96%     55.60% |        7010      2.95%     58.56% |        7045      2.97%     61.53% |        7023      2.96%     64.49% |        7017      2.96%     67.44% |        7001      2.95%     70.39% |        7028      2.96%     73.35% |        7020      2.96%     76.31% |        7038      2.97%     79.28% |        7042      2.97%     82.24% |        7022      2.96%     85.20% |        6998      2.95%     88.15% |        7044      2.97%     91.12% |        7026      2.96%     94.08% |        6997      2.95%     97.03% |        7050      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       237324                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         542      3.26%      3.26% |         470      2.83%      6.09% |         465      2.80%      8.89% |         466      2.80%     11.69% |         512      3.08%     14.78% |         466      2.80%     17.58% |         504      3.03%     20.62% |         529      3.18%     23.80% |         547      3.29%     27.09% |         487      2.93%     30.02% |         533      3.21%     33.23% |         566      3.41%     36.64% |         618      3.72%     40.36% |         561      3.38%     43.73% |         579      3.49%     47.22% |         523      3.15%     50.37% |         533      3.21%     53.58% |         569      3.42%     57.00% |         562      3.38%     60.38% |         509      3.06%     63.45% |         502      3.02%     66.47% |         520      3.13%     69.60% |         480      2.89%     72.49% |         468      2.82%     75.30% |         546      3.29%     78.59% |         592      3.56%     82.15% |         532      3.20%     85.36% |         479      2.88%     88.24% |         489      2.94%     91.18% |         510      3.07%     94.25% |         490      2.95%     97.20% |         465      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        16614                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       40858      3.16%      3.16% |       40329      3.12%      6.29% |       40341      3.12%      9.41% |       40347      3.12%     12.53% |       40353      3.12%     15.66% |       40363      3.13%     18.78% |       40339      3.12%     21.91% |       40336      3.12%     25.03% |       40349      3.12%     28.15% |       40344      3.12%     31.28% |       40329      3.12%     34.40% |       40358      3.12%     37.53% |       40339      3.12%     40.65% |       40338      3.12%     43.77% |       40341      3.12%     46.90% |       40330      3.12%     50.02% |       40352      3.12%     53.14% |       40351      3.12%     56.27% |       40349      3.12%     59.39% |       40345      3.12%     62.52% |       40340      3.12%     65.64% |       40354      3.12%     68.76% |       40339      3.12%     71.89% |       40341      3.12%     75.01% |       40347      3.12%     78.14% |       40345      3.12%     81.26% |       40349      3.12%     84.38% |       40336      3.12%     87.51% |       40336      3.12%     90.63% |       40336      3.12%     93.75% |       40349      3.12%     96.88% |       40331      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total      1291494                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           4      8.89%      8.89% |           6     13.33%     22.22% |           2      4.44%     26.67% |           6     13.33%     40.00% |           1      2.22%     42.22% |           0      0.00%     42.22% |           1      2.22%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      2.22%     46.67% |           1      2.22%     48.89% |           0      0.00%     48.89% |           4      8.89%     57.78% |           0      0.00%     57.78% |           3      6.67%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           9     20.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           1      2.22%     86.67% |           2      4.44%     91.11% |           1      2.22%     93.33% |           1      2.22%     95.56% |           0      0.00%     95.56% |           1      2.22%     97.78% |           1      2.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           45                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      172934      8.47%      8.47% |       64310      3.15%     11.62% |       58810      2.88%     14.50% |       58500      2.87%     17.36% |       57846      2.83%     20.20% |       56551      2.77%     22.97% |       55055      2.70%     25.66% |       55346      2.71%     28.37% |       58814      2.88%     31.25% |       57774      2.83%     34.08% |       60710      2.97%     37.06% |       60254      2.95%     40.01% |       56907      2.79%     42.80% |       56838      2.78%     45.58% |       56498      2.77%     48.35% |       56916      2.79%     51.13% |       58956      2.89%     54.02% |       58560      2.87%     56.89% |       59934      2.94%     59.82% |       60924      2.98%     62.81% |       60962      2.99%     65.79% |       63141      3.09%     68.89% |       64376      3.15%     72.04% |       60597      2.97%     75.01% |       61028      2.99%     78.00% |       62518      3.06%     81.06% |       60848      2.98%     84.04% |       61467      3.01%     87.05% |       64144      3.14%     90.19% |       61963      3.03%     93.22% |       70082      3.43%     96.66% |       68260      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2041823                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |          11    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total           11                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |          11     84.62%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      7.69%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           1      7.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total           13                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      130331     21.92%     21.92% |      297266     50.00%     71.92% |        6094      1.03%     72.95% |        6244      1.05%     74.00% |        5875      0.99%     74.99% |        6302      1.06%     76.05% |        5359      0.90%     76.95% |        6910      1.16%     78.11% |        5054      0.85%     78.96% |        5862      0.99%     79.94% |        5146      0.87%     80.81% |        5336      0.90%     81.71% |        5317      0.89%     82.60% |        5649      0.95%     83.55% |        5715      0.96%     84.51% |        5673      0.95%     85.47% |        5855      0.98%     86.45% |        5970      1.00%     87.46% |        5123      0.86%     88.32% |        5593      0.94%     89.26% |        4968      0.84%     90.09% |        5146      0.87%     90.96% |        5137      0.86%     91.82% |        4800      0.81%     92.63% |        5106      0.86%     93.49% |        5149      0.87%     94.36% |        5300      0.89%     95.25% |        5048      0.85%     96.10% |        5895      0.99%     97.09% |        5406      0.91%     98.00% |        5856      0.98%     98.98% |        6047      1.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       594532                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      130331     21.92%     21.92% |      297266     50.00%     71.92% |        6094      1.03%     72.95% |        6244      1.05%     74.00% |        5875      0.99%     74.99% |        6302      1.06%     76.05% |        5359      0.90%     76.95% |        6910      1.16%     78.11% |        5054      0.85%     78.96% |        5862      0.99%     79.94% |        5146      0.87%     80.81% |        5336      0.90%     81.71% |        5317      0.89%     82.60% |        5649      0.95%     83.55% |        5715      0.96%     84.51% |        5673      0.95%     85.47% |        5855      0.98%     86.45% |        5970      1.00%     87.46% |        5123      0.86%     88.32% |        5593      0.94%     89.26% |        4968      0.84%     90.09% |        5146      0.87%     90.96% |        5137      0.86%     91.82% |        4800      0.81%     92.63% |        5106      0.86%     93.49% |        5149      0.87%     94.36% |        5300      0.89%     95.25% |        5048      0.85%     96.10% |        5895      0.99%     97.09% |        5406      0.91%     98.00% |        5856      0.98%     98.98% |        6047      1.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       594532                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      130331     21.92%     21.92% |      297266     50.00%     71.92% |        6094      1.03%     72.95% |        6244      1.05%     74.00% |        5875      0.99%     74.99% |        6302      1.06%     76.05% |        5359      0.90%     76.95% |        6910      1.16%     78.11% |        5054      0.85%     78.96% |        5862      0.99%     79.94% |        5146      0.87%     80.81% |        5336      0.90%     81.71% |        5317      0.89%     82.60% |        5649      0.95%     83.55% |        5715      0.96%     84.51% |        5673      0.95%     85.47% |        5855      0.98%     86.45% |        5970      1.00%     87.46% |        5123      0.86%     88.32% |        5593      0.94%     89.26% |        4968      0.84%     90.09% |        5146      0.87%     90.96% |        5137      0.86%     91.82% |        4800      0.81%     92.63% |        5106      0.86%     93.49% |        5149      0.87%     94.36% |        5300      0.89%     95.25% |        5048      0.85%     96.10% |        5895      0.99%     97.09% |        5406      0.91%     98.00% |        5856      0.98%     98.98% |        6047      1.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       594532                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      130331     21.92%     21.92% |      297266     50.00%     71.92% |        6094      1.03%     72.95% |        6244      1.05%     74.00% |        5875      0.99%     74.99% |        6302      1.06%     76.05% |        5359      0.90%     76.95% |        6910      1.16%     78.11% |        5054      0.85%     78.96% |        5862      0.99%     79.94% |        5146      0.87%     80.81% |        5336      0.90%     81.71% |        5317      0.89%     82.60% |        5649      0.95%     83.55% |        5715      0.96%     84.51% |        5673      0.95%     85.47% |        5855      0.98%     86.45% |        5970      1.00%     87.46% |        5123      0.86%     88.32% |        5593      0.94%     89.26% |        4968      0.84%     90.09% |        5146      0.87%     90.96% |        5137      0.86%     91.82% |        4800      0.81%     92.63% |        5106      0.86%     93.49% |        5149      0.87%     94.36% |        5300      0.89%     95.25% |        5048      0.85%     96.10% |        5895      0.99%     97.09% |        5406      0.91%     98.00% |        5856      0.98%     98.98% |        6047      1.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       594532                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
