
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.038081                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 38080635000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5214248713500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  33250                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    59781                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               51995952                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4825572                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   732.38                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    24351178                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      43782310                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4969088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           4969088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3965440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        3965440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        77642                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              77642                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        61960                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             61960                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    130488580                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            130488580                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    104132717                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           104132717                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    234621298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           234621298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      77642                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     61960                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    77642                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   61960                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               4967744                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                3965184                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                4969088                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             3965440                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    21                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             4395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             4840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             4545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             4967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             4853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             5351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             4952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             5222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             5045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             5202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            4616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            4794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            4591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            4630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            4802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            4816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             3623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             3566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             3643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             3793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             3862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             4191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             3929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             4192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             4056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             4133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            3697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            3637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            3795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            3901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            4031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            3907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                      156                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  38080153500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                77642                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               61960                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  59988                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  10639                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   3505                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   1404                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    744                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                    437                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                    249                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                    142                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                     90                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                     62                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                    55                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                    47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                    40                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                    37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                    36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  11545                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  12630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  12625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  12356                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  12001                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                    394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                    169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                    240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        52857                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   168.982424                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   120.206649                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   175.035637                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        27032     51.14%     51.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        13235     25.04%     76.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7648     14.47%     90.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1946      3.68%     94.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1102      2.08%     96.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          583      1.10%     97.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          416      0.79%     98.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          312      0.59%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          583      1.10%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        52857                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11564                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.711519                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    37.540177                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11558     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        11564                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11564                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.357662                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.284270                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.107267                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11101     96.00%     96.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           381      3.29%     99.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           55      0.48%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           27      0.23%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        11564                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  1860388817                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             3315782567                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 388105000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    23967.60                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               42717.60                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      130.45                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      104.13                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   130.49                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   104.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.85                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   53409                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  33303                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                68.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               53.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    272776.56                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   62.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8551494000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1271400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    28252458000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              199395000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              200173680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              108796875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              109221750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             305112600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             300190800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            199571040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            201871440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         2486858400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         2486858400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        15301453635                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        14876148420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0         9422685750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1         9795760500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          28023873300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          27970224990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          736.017249                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          734.608233                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      4882624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           4882624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3886848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        3886848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        76291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              76291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        60732                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             60732                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    128218030                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            128218030                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    102068886                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           102068886                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    230286916                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           230286916                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      76291                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     60732                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    76291                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   60732                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               4881792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                    832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                3886656                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                4882624                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             3886848                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    13                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             4324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             4746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             4466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             4894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             4784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             5297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             4886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             5164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             4937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             5090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            4517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            4727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            4493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            4575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            4636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            4742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             3556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             3505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             3578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             3743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             3792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             4122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             3850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             4108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             3968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             4035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            3616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            3570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            3718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            3831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            3898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            3839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                      149                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  38079915000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                76291                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               60732                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  59438                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  10118                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   3265                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   1369                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                    750                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                    438                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                    274                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                    159                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                     90                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                     59                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                    44                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                    45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                    32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                    27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  11332                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  12318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  12361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  12130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  11789                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                    425                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                    151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                    226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        50929                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   172.141138                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   121.918247                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   178.230160                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25659     50.38%     50.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12803     25.14%     75.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7529     14.78%     90.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1856      3.64%     93.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1133      2.22%     96.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          629      1.24%     97.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          427      0.84%     98.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          298      0.59%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          595      1.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        50929                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11354                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.717368                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    29.861603                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11349     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        11354                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11354                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.348688                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.274410                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.118951                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          10898     95.98%     95.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           377      3.32%     99.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           50      0.44%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           29      0.26%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        11354                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  1779069077                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             3209281577                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 381390000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    23323.49                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               42073.49                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      128.20                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      102.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   128.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   102.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   52636                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  33431                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                69.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               55.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    277908.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   62.82                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8917004000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1271400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    27887123500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              194050080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              190927800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              105880500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              104176875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             300690000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             294106800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            196039440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            197413200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         2486858400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         2486858400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        15180242850                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        14454729180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0         9529011000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        10165426500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          27992772270                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          27893638755                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          735.200413                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          732.596777                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      4881472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           4881472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3886656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        3886656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        76273                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              76273                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        60729                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             60729                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    128187778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            128187778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    102063844                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           102063844                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    230251623                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           230251623                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      76273                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     60729                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    76273                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   60729                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               4880512                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                3886592                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                4881472                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             3886656                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             4320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             4751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             4466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             4903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             4777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             5296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             4864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             5163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             4918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             5101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            4520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            4768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            4492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            4543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            4623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            4753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             3556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             3507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             3568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             3732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             3787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             4120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             3855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             4122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             3968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             4046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            3616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            3577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            3720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            3822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            3894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            3838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                      106                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  38080403500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                76273                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               60729                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  59531                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  10085                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   3249                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   1336                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                    721                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                    451                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                    264                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                    163                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                     96                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                     64                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                    58                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                    47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                    30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                    27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  11346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  12423                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  12346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  12084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  11763                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                    426                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                    154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                    187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        50963                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   171.999922                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   121.777214                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   178.275252                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25741     50.51%     50.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12748     25.01%     75.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7536     14.79%     90.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1870      3.67%     93.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1141      2.24%     96.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          596      1.17%     97.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          426      0.84%     98.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          299      0.59%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          606      1.19%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        50963                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11361                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.711909                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    29.922150                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11356     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        11361                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11361                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.345304                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.272971                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.094897                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          10906     96.00%     96.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           374      3.29%     99.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           64      0.56%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           17      0.15%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        11361                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  1778068392                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             3207905892                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 381290000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    23316.48                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               42066.48                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      128.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      102.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   128.19                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   102.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        1.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   52640                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  33374                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                69.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               54.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    277955.09                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   62.79                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8906925250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1271400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    27896711000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              193422600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              191819880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              105538125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              104663625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             300526200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             294138000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            196000560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            197452080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         2486858400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         2486858400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        15061494465                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        14574404385                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0         9633176250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        10060448250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          27977016600                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          27909784620                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          734.786607                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          733.020831                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      4858112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           4858112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3879936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        3879936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        75908                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              75908                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        60624                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             60624                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    127574343                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            127574343                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    101887377                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           101887377                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    229461720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           229461720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      75909                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     60624                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    75909                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   60624                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               4857600                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    576                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                3879680                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                4858176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             3879936                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     9                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             4296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             4714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             4416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             4861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             4737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             5243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             4866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             5150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             4921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             5076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            4518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            4731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            4482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            4517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            4644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            4728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             3553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             3501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             3564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             3718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             3786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             4103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             3842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             4105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             3970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             4036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            3603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            3581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            3716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            3823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            3893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            3826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        2                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                      111                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  38079894500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                75909                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               60624                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  59202                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  10159                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   3247                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   1313                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                    708                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                    435                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                    263                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                    146                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                     83                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                     72                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                    47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                    37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                    31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  11339                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  12332                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  12328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  12078                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  11753                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                    422                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                    175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                    197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        50511                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   172.949892                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   122.375270                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   179.053166                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25348     50.18%     50.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12666     25.08%     75.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7521     14.89%     90.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1911      3.78%     93.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1131      2.24%     96.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          584      1.16%     97.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          434      0.86%     98.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          301      0.60%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          615      1.22%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        50511                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11355                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.683576                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    30.899822                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11349     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        11355                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11355                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.338617                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.267029                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.098585                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          10941     96.35%     96.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           324      2.85%     99.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           68      0.60%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           22      0.19%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        11355                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  1752215367                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             3175340367                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 379500000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    23085.84                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               41835.84                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      127.56                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      101.88                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   127.58                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   101.89                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        1.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.89                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   52445                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  33558                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                69.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               55.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    278906.16                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   62.99                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8910323000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1271400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    27893469000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              190821960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              191026080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              104119125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              104230500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             298521600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             293350200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            195514560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            197270640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         2486858400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         2486858400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        15027128595                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        14546006415                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0         9663321750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        10085358750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          27966285990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          27904100985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          734.504779                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          732.871556                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1137                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1137                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1360                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1360                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               209                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              209                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4994                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5412                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          836                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          836                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          789                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          876                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3991                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4827                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               176000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              488500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              430148                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              106648                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1817000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          382                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1564672                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          382                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                7003758                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 28.266283                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                24.808312                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                21.123099                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     6958333     99.35%     99.35% |       38223      0.55%     99.90% |        4164      0.06%     99.96% |        1523      0.02%     99.98% |         643      0.01%     99.99% |         502      0.01%     99.99% |         358      0.01%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  7003758                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     16493134                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.936662                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.704982                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      1.142910                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    15156111     91.89%     91.89% |     1278658      7.75%     99.65% |       40321      0.24%     99.89% |       10544      0.06%     99.95% |        4702      0.03%     99.98% |        1760      0.01%     99.99% |         717      0.00%    100.00% |         147      0.00%    100.00% |         174      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      16493134                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            16493131                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              13.317915                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.072222                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             44.139999                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    16403157     99.45%     99.45% |       72637      0.44%     99.89% |       12731      0.08%     99.97% |        3571      0.02%     99.99% |         771      0.00%    100.00% |         216      0.00%    100.00% |          47      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              16493131                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        15063651                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000350                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000302                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.018710                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    15058382     99.97%     99.97% |        5267      0.03%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          15063651                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1429480                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        122.042909                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       101.824317                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev        97.656317                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1339506     93.71%     93.71% |       72637      5.08%     98.79% |       12731      0.89%     99.68% |        3571      0.25%     99.93% |         771      0.05%     99.98% |         216      0.02%    100.00% |          47      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1429480                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     4751360                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    2514944                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         571400                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       571400                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits      8562431                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       289047                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      8851478                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      5746904                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       123108                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5870012                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       597216                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        15980                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       251354                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1318902                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        39908                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           38                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           38                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits        92150                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       136491                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       228641                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        17809                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits       101200                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses       139662                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       240862                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        17552                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits        92756                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses       139195                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       231951                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        18260                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits        96362                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses       140017                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       236379                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        17261                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits        97408                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses       137698                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       235106                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        18479                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits        95008                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses       111403                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       206411                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles         3991                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits        89025                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        86916                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       175941                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles         1977                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits        90407                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses       125908                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       216315                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        17020                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        46146                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        26943                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        73089                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        19293                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        25160                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        44453                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        20119                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        25184                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        45303                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        20324                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        25100                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        45424                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        18311                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        25446                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        43757                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        18534                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        25207                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        43741                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        17362                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        25137                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        42499                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        17615                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        25121                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        42736                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        19071                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        25467                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        44538                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        18395                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        25096                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        43491                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        18382                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        25105                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        43487                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        17916                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        25066                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        42982                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        17765                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        25181                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        42946                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        17621                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        25410                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        43031                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        20359                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        25105                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        45464                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        17759                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        25109                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        42868                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        17382                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        25031                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        42413                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        18133                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        25412                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        43545                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        18363                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        25075                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        43438                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        17539                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        25078                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        42617                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        18847                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        25019                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        43866                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        18295                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        25376                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        43671                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        19153                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        25041                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        44194                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        18718                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        25113                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        43831                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        20172                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        25024                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        45196                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        21939                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        25080                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        47019                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        18324                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        25503                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        43827                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        18217                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        25087                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        43304                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        17485                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        25104                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        42589                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        17089                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        25079                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        42168                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        17703                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        25472                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        43175                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        19635                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        25184                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        44819                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles         3200                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      8547665                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      8547665                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8776209                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8547665                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4407658                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4396165                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      8547665                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.112231                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      5971015                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      5971015                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6204318                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5971015                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3802164                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3780643                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      5971015                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.078400                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      4273107                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      4273107                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4447687                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4273107                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1977955                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1973247                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      4273107                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.056106                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      3880735                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      3880735                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3998138                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3880735                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1903879                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1900447                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      3880735                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.050954                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      4624843                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      4624843                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4920948                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4624843                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2379857                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2369995                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      4624843                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.060724                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      3972578                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      3972578                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4109533                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3972578                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2004915                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2001278                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      3972578                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.052160                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      4510661                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      4510661                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4643590                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4510661                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1990424                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1987141                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      4510661                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.059225                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      3449861                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      3449861                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3539933                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3449861                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1689053                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1686701                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      3449861                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.045297                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      2385689                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      2385689                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2428467                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2385689                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1160805                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1159673                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      2385689                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.031324                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      3359087                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      3359087                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3466961                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3359087                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1699361                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1696271                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      3359087                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.044105                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      1592825                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      1592825                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1610901                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1592825                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       759836                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       759193                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      1592825                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.020914                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      1180455                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      1180455                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1183753                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1180455                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       560795                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       560511                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      1180455                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.015499                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      1544106                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      1544106                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1550407                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1544106                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity       808552                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity       808130                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      1544106                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.020274                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      1198351                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      1198351                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1202597                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1198351                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       574039                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       573719                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      1198351                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.015734                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads       723764                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes       723764                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity       726995                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity       723764                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       344925                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       344776                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity       723764                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.009503                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      1012276                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      1012276                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1017615                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1012276                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       468303                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       468180                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      1012276                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.013291                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      1411751                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      1411751                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1418902                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1411751                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       609689                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       609471                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      1411751                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.018536                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      1124351                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      1124351                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1130077                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1124351                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       515632                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       515439                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      1124351                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.014763                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      1022767                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      1022767                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1029998                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1022767                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       464179                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       463931                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      1022767                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.013429                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       626061                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       626061                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       628637                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       626061                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       290950                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       290657                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       626061                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.008220                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       660788                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       660788                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       661844                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       660788                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       351996                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       351800                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       660788                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.008676                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads       865853                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes       865853                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity       869345                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity       865853                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       468850                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       468525                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity       865853                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.011369                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       718067                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       718067                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity       719828                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       718067                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       370563                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       370327                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       718067                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.009428                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       417370                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       417370                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       417370                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       417370                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       201960                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       201782                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       417370                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.005480                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       615109                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       615109                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       616213                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       615109                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       304090                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       303877                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       615109                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.008076                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads       836023                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes       836023                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity       839401                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity       836023                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       449155                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       448863                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity       836023                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.010977                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       708480                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       708480                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       710302                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       708480                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       360090                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       359876                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       708480                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.009302                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       428990                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       428990                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       428990                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       428990                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       205746                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       205562                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       428990                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.005633                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      2933710                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      2933710                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2973954                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2933710                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1326005                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1325390                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      2933710                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.038520                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      2421941                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      2421941                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2445700                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2421941                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1076145                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1075673                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      2421941                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.031800                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      2583650                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      2583650                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2616405                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2583650                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1146342                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1145714                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      2583650                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.033923                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      2464887                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      2464887                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2497164                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2464887                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1110863                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1110123                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      2464887                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.032364                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     5338888     28.56%     28.56% |    11306302     60.49%     89.06% |     2045546     10.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     18690736                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     5338890     28.56%     28.56% |    11306302     60.49%     89.06% |     2045546     10.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     18690738                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   142089006                       |   288676608                       |    49393370                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |    19833411                       |    52770033                       |     2109224                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   26.613970                       |   25.532363                       |   24.146790                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    3.714895                       |    4.667311                       |    1.031130                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    25.689678                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     3.997310                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         29.686988                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.003869                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.080682      6.77%      6.77% |    0.080831      6.78%     13.55% |    0.080579      6.76%     20.32% |    0.080720      6.77%     27.09% |    0.181979     15.27%     42.36% |    0.181456     15.23%     57.59% |    0.181827     15.26%     72.85% |    0.181329     15.22%     88.06% |    0.035553      2.98%     91.05% |    0.035569      2.98%     94.03% |    0.035560      2.98%     97.02% |    0.035564      2.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.191650                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.029570                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.021985                       |    0.000001                       |    0.012109                       |    0.012454                       |    0.012211                       |    0.012333                       |    0.011983                       |    0.009170                       |    0.007133                       |    0.011068                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005033                       |    0.002707                       |    0.002594                       |    0.002658                       |    0.002618                       |    0.002611                       |    0.002555                       |    0.002528                       |    0.002575                       |    0.002717                       |    0.002772                       |    0.002778                       |    0.002625                       |    0.002642                       |    0.002551                       |    0.002567                       |    0.002679                       |    0.002627                       |    0.002628                       |    0.002598                       |    0.002568                       |    0.002791                       |    0.002580                       |    0.002544                       |    0.002607                       |    0.002630                       |    0.002568                       |    0.002646                       |    0.002610                       |    0.002661                       |    0.002741                       |    0.002890                       |    0.006096                       |    0.005985                       |    0.005984                       |    0.005955                       |    0.000322                       |           0                       |    0.004311                       |    0.011861                       |    0.000943                       |    0.001024                       |    0.000945                       |    0.001015                       |    0.000959                       |    0.001010                       |    0.000793                       |    0.000860                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002981                       |    0.000326                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002890                       |    0.002479                       |    0.006517                       |    0.002976                       |    0.000793                       |    0.003973                       |    0.011453                       |    0.005612                       |           0                       |    0.002990                       |    0.004956                       |           0                       |    0.010712                       |    0.013469                       |    0.006393                       |    0.009837                       |    0.002968                       |    0.000943                       |    0.014201                       |    0.014316                       |    0.013842                       |    0.009926                       |    0.003006                       |    0.001024                       |    0.016239                       |    0.011933                       |    0.008826                       |           0                       |    0.002968                       |    0.004855                       |           0                       |    0.009425                       |    0.007603                       |    0.006950                       |           0                       |    0.003092                       |           0                       |    0.005385                       |    0.003797                       |    0.003225                       |           0                       |    0.002996                       |           0                       |    0.002607                       |    0.002474                       |           0                       |    0.003118                       |           0                       |    0.001813                       |    0.002791                       |    0.003646                       |    0.009179                       |    0.003001                       |    0.000860                       |    0.007220                       |    0.005149                       |    0.014967                       |    0.003729                       |    0.009937                       |    0.003001                       |    0.000945                       |    0.004159                       |    0.014194                       |    0.024070                       |    0.004417                       |    0.031009                       |    0.004537                       |    0.004311                       |    0.010754                       |    0.018416                       |    0.030845                       |    0.012359                       |    0.000003                       |    0.003034                       |    0.011861                       |    0.011078                       |    0.023261                       |    0.018159                       |    0.011003                       |    0.010030                       |    0.002956                       |    0.001015                       |    0.005836                       |    0.016913                       |    0.010267                       |    0.005145                       |           0                       |    0.002998                       |           0                       |    0.002512                       |    0.005255                       |    0.005082                       |    0.004428                       |           0                       |    0.002986                       |           0                       |    0.001672                       |    0.002630                       |    0.003689                       |           0                       |    0.002962                       |           0                       |    0.000950                       |    0.002580                       |    0.002936                       |           0                       |    0.003065                       |           0                       |    0.006863                       |    0.003202                       |    0.004858                       |    0.002925                       |           0                       |    0.003051                       |    0.004854                       |           0                       |    0.005175                       |    0.009853                       |    0.008056                       |    0.002935                       |    0.009814                       |    0.002927                       |    0.000959                       |    0.019729                       |    0.012911                       |    0.009838                       |    0.003048                       |    0.008232                       |    0.002930                       |    0.001010                       |    0.007247                       |    0.013971                       |    0.008942                       |    0.002964                       |           0                       |    0.003137                       |    0.004839                       |           0                       |    0.005838                       |    0.009462                       |    0.006096                       |    0.002991                       |           0                       |    0.002976                       |           0                       |    0.001527                       |    0.005210                       |    0.003045                       |    0.002976                       |           0                       |    0.002955                       |           0                       |    0.000792                       |    0.002568                       |    0.002987                       |           0                       |    0.002936                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002544                       |           0                       |    0.002925                       |           0                       |    0.001979                       |           0                       |    0.004598                       |           0                       |    0.002935                       |           0                       |    0.003012                       |    0.001482                       |    0.005862                       |           0                       |    0.003048                       |           0                       |    0.009342                       |    0.003191                       |    0.002956                       |           0                       |    0.002964                       |           0                       |    0.002286                       |    0.006947                       |    0.002565                       |           0                       |    0.002991                       |           0                       |    0.004222                       |    0.006216                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002976                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005244                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002987                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002646                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.191650                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         5462033                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      5462033                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       265636                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      3965443                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         3376711                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     85.153437                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          447826                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29837                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits              9697066                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              45195                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             5386623                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             20691                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses          9742261                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         5407314                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  15083689                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                   65886                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              15149575                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              5876819                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9499                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          5886318                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   5876819                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9499                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               5886318                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 72388048                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20550505                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               30170857                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             5462033                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      3824537                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              47084952                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          597190                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             140358                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       152212                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       211627                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3334                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       309254                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           5876183                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        143543                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3824                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     68750837                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.804781                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.161683                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         58597941     85.23%     85.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1048718      1.53%     86.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           600380      0.87%     87.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1006019      1.46%     89.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1440054      2.09%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           596224      0.87%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6           688717      1.00%     93.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           994047      1.45%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          3778737      5.50%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     68750837                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.075455                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.416793                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         15642329                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      44469573                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6490248                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       1850085                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         298595                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       52906896                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         298595                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         16332190                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        27509271                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      4834773                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           7461778                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      12314223                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       51980099                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         67656                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        4430380                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         394187                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents        7007070                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     59794554                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     121620700                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     75843428                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          164                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      49991038                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          9803501                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       133713                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       135672                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          11298404                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      5282597                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      5574362                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1301330                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1158600                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           50742444                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       352970                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          53355878                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       143067                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7096086                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11436412                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        48941                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     68750837                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.776076                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.437810                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     46632650     67.83%     67.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      8587888     12.49%     80.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      5230583      7.61%     87.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      3025477      4.40%     92.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      2933771      4.27%     96.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1184815      1.72%     98.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       692204      1.01%     99.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       289582      0.42%     99.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       173867      0.25%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     68750837                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           95308     12.48%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         601870     78.83%     91.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         66313      8.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       165390      0.31%      0.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      37858556     70.95%     71.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        22630      0.04%     71.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52379      0.10%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      9822980     18.41%     89.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      5433943     10.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       53355878                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.737081                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              763491                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.014309                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    176369086                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     58198031                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     47795014                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           65                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          290                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           20                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       53953947                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              32                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1251882                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1110517                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2630                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         6972                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       396137                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1828                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5711123                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         298595                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4788347                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      17970294                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     51095414                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       100415                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       5282597                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      5574362                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       343849                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          92881                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      17714698                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         6972                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124444                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       190189                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       314633                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      52965679                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       9688147                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       324822                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             15078782                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          4394259                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            5390635                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.731691                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               47857535                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              47795034                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          30866509                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          49456573                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.660261                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.624113                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      7285517                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       304029                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       279038                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     67599358                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.647673                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.598710                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     51350829     75.96%     75.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      8064124     11.93%     87.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1862537      2.76%     90.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2153173      3.19%     93.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       748852      1.11%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1051338      1.56%     96.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       694009      1.03%     97.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       278530      0.41%     97.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1395966      2.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     67599358                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     24351177                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       43782307                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs                9350300                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               4172076                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5778                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            4057514                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          43486340                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       373053                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        81885      0.19%      0.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     34277707     78.29%     78.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        21414      0.05%     78.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        51001      0.12%     78.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      4172076      9.53%     88.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      5178224     11.83%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     43782307                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1395966                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            117213103                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           103291642                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   84198                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3637211                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3772805                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            24351177                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              43782307                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       2.972671                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 2.972671                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.336398                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.336398                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         78352008                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        37764086                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                20                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          20786403                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         16421828                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        24247902                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         125430                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               4943877000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean              4943877000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-2.68435e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-2.95279e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.95279e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.48966e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.48966e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.02653e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.5634e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.5634e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.10027e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.10027e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3122885                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        29.652912                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       24.920363                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       26.876749                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     3087731     98.87%     98.87% |       30527      0.98%     99.85% |        2030      0.07%     99.92% |        1097      0.04%     99.95% |         628      0.02%     99.97% |         502      0.02%     99.99% |         358      0.01%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3122885                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       3050904                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        27.776226                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       25.188733                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       16.032363                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     3017245     98.90%     98.90% |       23388      0.77%     99.66% |        5184      0.17%     99.83% |        2512      0.08%     99.92% |        1451      0.05%     99.96% |         683      0.02%     99.99% |         325      0.01%    100.00% |         101      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         3050904                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        829969                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        24.850297                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       23.064208                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        9.085592                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |       16394      1.98%      1.98% |      101135     12.19%     14.16% |      303952     36.62%     50.78% |      180762     21.78%     72.56% |      179732     21.66%     94.22% |       41057      4.95%     99.16% |        6530      0.79%     99.95% |         354      0.04%     99.99% |          50      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          829969                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          4520673                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           19.609542                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           4.751367                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          60.433770                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     4466584     98.80%     98.80% |       42291      0.94%     99.74% |        8316      0.18%     99.92% |        2742      0.06%     99.98% |         564      0.01%    100.00% |         149      0.00%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            4520673                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      3935115                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000719                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000621                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.026827                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3932287     99.93%     99.93% |        2826      0.07%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        3935115                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       585558                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     131.225522                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    104.288735                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    117.832099                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      531469     90.76%     90.76% |       42291      7.22%     97.99% |        8316      1.42%     99.41% |        2742      0.47%     99.87% |         564      0.10%     99.97% |         149      0.03%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        585558                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          5974360                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           17.135937                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.589696                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          47.841564                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     5940818     99.44%     99.44% |       28222      0.47%     99.91% |        4218      0.07%     99.98% |         807      0.01%    100.00% |         207      0.00%    100.00% |          67      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            5974360                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      5261403                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000443                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000382                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.021044                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5259072     99.96%     99.96% |        2331      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        5261403                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       712957                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     121.451524                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    105.713058                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev     82.603119                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      679415     95.30%     95.30% |       28222      3.96%     99.25% |        4218      0.59%     99.85% |         807      0.11%     99.96% |         207      0.03%     99.99% |          67      0.01%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        712957                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      5870010                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.691962                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.209006                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      13.973921                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     5857340     99.78%     99.78% |       10604      0.18%     99.96% |        1827      0.03%    100.00% |          44      0.00%    100.00% |          83      0.00%    100.00% |          91      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        5870010                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      5746904                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000590                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5746902    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      5746904                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       123106                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    83.677083                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    74.439377                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    54.210052                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      110436     89.71%     89.71% |       10604      8.61%     98.32% |        1827      1.48%     99.81% |          44      0.04%     99.84% |          83      0.07%     99.91% |          91      0.07%     99.98% |          21      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       123106                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       126782                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      8.527796                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.667900                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    27.615969                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      125498     98.99%     98.99% |        1008      0.80%     99.78% |         247      0.19%     99.98% |           6      0.00%     99.98% |          11      0.01%     99.99% |          11      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       126782                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       118951                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000908                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000784                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.030118                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      118843     99.91%     99.91% |         108      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       118951                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples         7831                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    92.479888                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    77.393328                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    69.538081                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        6547     83.60%     83.60% |        1008     12.87%     96.48% |         247      3.15%     99.63% |           6      0.08%     99.71% |          11      0.14%     99.85% |          11      0.14%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total         7831                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.958652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.428864                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    32.524834                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         648     99.23%     99.23% |           4      0.61%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         625    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    95.321429                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    67.676785                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev   130.711742                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |          23     82.14%     82.14% |           4     14.29%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        11102                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       285413                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       317261                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    17924                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    24537                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                   183049                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    18767                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    24537                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                   194504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    17741                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    24538                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                   186476                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                    18688                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   26073                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                  188508                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                   17363                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                   24537                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                  190054                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   18609                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                   26074                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                  159000                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                   17015                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                   23004                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                  133460                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                   16901                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                   23005                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                  173257                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                    448                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                    171                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   2698                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                    477                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                    171                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   2592                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                    495                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                    171                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                   2716                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                    552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                   179                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                  2565                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                   485                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                   171                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                  2682                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                   519                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                   178                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                  2218                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                   453                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                   160                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                  2036                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                   443                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                   160                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                  2735                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                      520                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                       15                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    65232                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                      586                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                        3                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                    67798                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                      581                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                        3                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                    66650                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                      660                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                       3                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                   65959                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                     509                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                       3                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                   67796                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                     568                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                       3                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                   49791                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                     560                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                       3                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                   42861                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                     454                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                       3                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                   62248                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                18372                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                24708                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses               185747                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                19244                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                24708                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses               197096                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                18236                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                24709                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses               189192                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                19240                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               26252                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses              191073                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses               17848                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses               24708                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses              192736                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               19128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses               26252                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses              161218                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses               17468                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses               23164                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses              135496                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses               17344                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses               23165                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses              175992                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                  550451                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                  415587                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                 2390492                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                  511056                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                  372005                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                 2313516                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                  546752                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                  414871                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                 2405088                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                  508580                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles                 395471                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles                2242898                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles                 537497                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles                 415326                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles                2428510                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles             4295480539                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles             4295360982                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles             4297339982                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles             4295598417                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles             4295437845                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles             4297700342                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles             4295549328                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles             4295398216                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles             4297460983                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   12036                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   20484                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   92879                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   12600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   20484                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   98556                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   11944                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   20485                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                   94596                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                   12596                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                  21764                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  95545                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                  11688                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                  20484                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                  96368                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                  12528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                  21764                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                  80622                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                  11440                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                  19204                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                  67748                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                  11360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                  19205                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                  87996                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   6336                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  92868                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                   6644                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  98540                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   6292                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                  94596                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                   6644                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                  4488                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 95528                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  6160                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                  4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                 96368                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                  6600                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                  4488                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                 80596                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                  6028                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                  3960                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                 67748                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                  5984                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                  3960                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                 87996                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                11870                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                20394                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                90181                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                12428                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                20393                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                95964                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                11745                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                20394                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                91880                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                12376                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits               21670                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               92980                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits               11504                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits               20393                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits               93686                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits               12327                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits               21671                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits               78404                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits               11260                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits               19119                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits               65712                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits               11193                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits               19120                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits               85261                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                166                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                 90                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               2698                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses                172                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                 91                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses               2592                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses                199                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses                 91                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses               2716                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses                220                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses                94                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses              2565                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses               184                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses                91                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses              2682                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses               201                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses                93                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses              2218                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses               180                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses                85                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses              2036                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses               167                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses                85                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses              2735                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                6054                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                4143                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               92868                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                6339                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                4144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               98540                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                5996                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                4144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits               94596                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                6312                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits               4403                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits              95528                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               5859                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               4144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits              96368                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits               6282                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits               4403                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits              80596                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits               5755                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits               3885                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits              67748                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits               5708                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               3885                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits              87996                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               282                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses                81                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses               305                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses                80                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses               296                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses                80                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses               332                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses               85                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses              301                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses               80                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses              318                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses               85                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses              273                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses               75                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses              276                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses               75                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                      144                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                      297                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                      151                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                      305                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                      143                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                      300                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                      151                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                      17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                     297                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                     140                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                     304                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                     150                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                      17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                     272                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                     137                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                      15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                     246                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                     136                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                      15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                     283                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                2164389                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                2622797                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                4875905                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                2165931                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                2580624                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                4864417                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                2155259                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                2596592                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                4855055                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                2168968                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles               2715900                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               4853601                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               2155433                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               2571602                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles               4856738                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               2159341                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles               2684787                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles               4878681                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles               2154388                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles               2612798                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles               4853740                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles               2163350                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles               2565602                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               4850708                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    2304                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                    2376                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                    2416                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                    2440                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                    2288                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                    2400                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                    2416                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    544                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                   2376                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                   2240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                   2432                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                   2400                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                    544                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                   2176                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                   2192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                    480                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                   1968                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                   2176                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                    480                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                   2264                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               1398755                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               2425934                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               4456237                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               1515514                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               2393436                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               4435444                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               1540039                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               2406833                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               4423290                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles               1585902                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles              2520297                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              4436591                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              1562068                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              2384505                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              4428907                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              1491434                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles              2488219                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles              4522308                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles              1311177                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles              2418861                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles              4482015                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles              1398071                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles              2373526                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              4421397                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             128581                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             197208                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             134839                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             202528                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             126032                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             199202                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles             133169                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles            143616                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            197208                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            123536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles            201858                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles            133368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles            143616                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles            180608                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles            123334                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles            126720                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles            163344                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles            121687                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles            126720                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles            187912                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              2366925                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              1446229                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              3322296                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              2205896                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              1403733                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              3269074                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              2168484                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              1427121                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles              3325822                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles              2128314                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles             1488662                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles             3245162                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles             2128134                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles             1414704                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles             3325472                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles             2245832                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles             1466665                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles             3250420                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles             2508005                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles             1467812                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles             3394023                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles             2396807                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles             1419296                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles             3346713                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          1398755                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          2425934                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          4456237                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          1515514                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          2393436                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          4435444                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          1540039                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          2406833                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          4423290                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time          1585902                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time         2520297                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         4436591                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         1562068                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         2384505                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         4428907                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         1491434                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time         2488219                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time         4522308                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time         1311177                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time         2418861                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time         4482015                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time         1398071                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time         2373526                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         4421397                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        114757                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        197142                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        121205                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        202421                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        115814                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        199112                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time        122693                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time       143616                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       197130                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time       113361                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time       201764                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time       120497                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time       143616                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time       180538                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time       107956                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time       126720                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time       163344                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time       107809                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time       126720                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time       187849                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         1702890                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         1446229                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         3286316                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         1677647                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         1403733                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         3231513                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         1666283                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         1427121                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time         3280366                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time         1657631                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time        1488662                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time        3212112                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time        1654525                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time        1414704                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time        3281101                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time        1685180                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time        1466665                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time        3223296                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time        1729300                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time        1467812                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time        3378982                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time        1710071                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time        1419296                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time        3303893                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            2152432                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            2605901                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            4853136                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            2152911                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            2563728                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            4841293                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            2142905                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            2579696                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            4832802                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time            2155486                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time           2697948                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           4830491                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           2143489                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           2554706                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           4834414                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           2146402                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time           2666835                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time           4856996                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time           2143288                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time           2596958                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time           4835590                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time           2152461                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time           2549762                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           4829645                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles              1428                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles              4096                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles               994                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles              4009                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles              9304                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles              5111                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles              1329                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles             8573                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles             9413                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles             4867                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles             9352                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles            13596                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles             9428                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles             5572                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles             9342                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles              986                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles          66368478                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles          73438004                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles          68544094                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles          66368474                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles          73438000                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles          68544081                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles          66368523                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles          73438006                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles          68544098                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles          66368476                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles         73438002                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles         68544173                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles         66368528                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles         73438011                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles         68544102                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles         66368544                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles         73438007                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles         68544333                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles         66368669                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles         73438023                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles         68544133                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles         66368654                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles         73438019                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles         68543977                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          2120777                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          2623119                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          4173872                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2127717                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          2580814                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          4155855                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          2114206                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2596939                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          4152162                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          2127945                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         2716023                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         4147358                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         2112766                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         2571965                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         4149117                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         2119558                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles         2685052                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles         4183607                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles         2116520                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles         2613361                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles         4370541                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles         2121114                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles         2566055                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles         4158769                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               333                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               167                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               865                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               368                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0               168                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0               875                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               376                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               168                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               879                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0               406                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0              176                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              866                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0              374                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              168                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0              877                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0              384                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0              175                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0              848                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0              349                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0              157                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0              752                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0              343                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0              157                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0              870                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              5649                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              4132                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1             29469                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              5862                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              4144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1             32459                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              5534                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              4144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1             29783                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              5798                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             4403                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1            31268                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             5461                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             4144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1            30377                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             5849                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1             4403                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1            32175                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1             5299                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1             3885                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1            26171                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1             5354                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1             3885                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1            27613                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              5813                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              5689                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2             19219                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              6706                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              5897                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2             21038                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              5763                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              5667                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2             19231                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              6913                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             6263                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2            20716                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             6068                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2             5676                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2            19464                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             6782                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2             6284                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2            19568                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2             4261                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             5076                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2            14084                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2             4687                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2             5205                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2            16968                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles            8846                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles            1044                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles          162128                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles            8223                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles             311                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles          155229                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles            9111                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles            1056                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles          182316                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles            8037                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles            548                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles         139967                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles           8488                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles           1068                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles         187942                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles           7522                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles            792                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles         146178                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles          10880                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles           1334                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles          80592                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles           9655                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles           1314                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles         178374                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       77616     25.36%     25.36% |       76291     24.92%     50.28% |       76273     24.92%     75.20% |       75909     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       306089                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       56050     25.43%     25.43% |       54815     24.87%     50.31% |       54809     24.87%     75.18% |       54701     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       220375                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       77642     25.36%     25.36% |       76291     24.92%     50.29% |       76273     24.92%     75.20% |       75908     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       306114                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       61960     25.39%     25.39% |       60732     24.89%     50.27% |       60729     24.88%     75.16% |       60623     24.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       244044                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           81                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6112     25.00%     25.00% |        6112     25.00%     50.00% |        6112     25.00%     75.00% |        6112     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24448                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       13374     25.26%     25.26% |       13284     25.09%     50.35% |       13272     25.07%     75.42% |       13016     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total        52946                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       77616     25.36%     25.36% |       76291     24.92%     50.28% |       76273     24.92%     75.20% |       75909     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       306089                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          26    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           26                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5910     24.97%     24.97% |        5917     25.00%     49.97% |        5920     25.01%     74.98% |        5923     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23670                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          26    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           26                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5910     24.97%     24.97% |        5917     25.00%     49.97% |        5920     25.01%     74.98% |        5923     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23670                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       55793     25.41%     25.41% |       54620     24.88%     50.29% |       54617     24.88%     75.17% |       54512     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       219542                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          778                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       13374     25.26%     25.26% |       13284     25.09%     50.35% |       13272     25.07%     75.42% |       13016     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total        52946                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       77616     25.36%     25.36% |       76291     24.92%     50.28% |       76273     24.92%     75.20% |       75908     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       306088                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       55793     25.41%     25.41% |       54620     24.88%     50.29% |       54617     24.88%     75.17% |       54511     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       219541                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          778                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          778                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24448                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     3548359     78.47%     78.47% |          38      0.00%     78.47% |      125325      2.77%     81.24% |      131561      2.91%     84.15% |      126962      2.81%     86.95% |      129825      2.87%     89.83% |      128477      2.84%     92.67% |      114825      2.54%     95.21% |       98329      2.17%     97.38% |      118498      2.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      4522199                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     5870068    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      5870068                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     5304773     86.93%     86.93% |           0      0.00%     86.93% |      103316      1.69%     88.62% |      109301      1.79%     90.41% |      104989      1.72%     92.13% |      106554      1.75%     93.88% |      106629      1.75%     95.62% |       91586      1.50%     97.13% |       77612      1.27%     98.40% |       97817      1.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      6102577                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       13423      4.06%      4.06% |          38      0.01%      4.07% |       42697     12.92%     17.00% |       39879     12.07%     29.07% |       40942     12.39%     41.46% |       41950     12.70%     54.16% |       40482     12.25%     66.41% |       38166     11.55%     77.97% |       31153      9.43%     87.40% |       41635     12.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       330365                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      410340     55.84%     55.84% |           0      0.00%     55.84% |       41017      5.58%     61.42% |       42301      5.76%     67.18% |       41998      5.72%     72.89% |       43206      5.88%     78.77% |       42152      5.74%     84.51% |       40373      5.49%     90.00% |       34798      4.74%     94.74% |       38687      5.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total       734872                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       37320     14.00%     14.00% |       39925     14.97%     28.97% |       39214     14.71%     43.68% |       38741     14.53%     58.21% |       38889     14.59%     72.80% |       23298      8.74%     81.54% |       16006      6.00%     87.54% |       33220     12.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       266613                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          30      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       33198     14.25%     14.26% |       34453     14.79%     29.05% |       32947     14.14%     43.19% |       33746     14.48%     57.67% |       31823     13.66%     71.33% |       21317      9.15%     80.48% |       15986      6.86%     87.34% |       29491     12.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total       232991                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4205     13.79%     13.79% |        4154     13.62%     27.41% |        4463     14.63%     42.04% |        4119     13.51%     55.55% |        3818     12.52%     68.07% |        3719     12.19%     80.26% |        2268      7.44%     87.70% |        3752     12.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total        30498                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      141766     54.16%     54.16% |          11      0.00%     54.16% |       15847      6.05%     60.21% |       16191      6.19%     66.40% |       15646      5.98%     72.38% |       15833      6.05%     78.43% |       15757      6.02%     84.44% |       13541      5.17%     89.62% |       12673      4.84%     94.46% |       14505      5.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       261770                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          27      0.01%      0.01% |       30564     13.12%     13.13% |       30703     13.18%     26.31% |       31516     13.53%     39.83% |       30915     13.27%     53.10% |       31554     13.54%     66.65% |       27556     11.83%     78.47% |       20851      8.95%     87.42% |       29305     12.58%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total       232991                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      270367     38.39%     38.39% |           0      0.00%     38.39% |       57882      8.22%     46.61% |       57012      8.10%     54.70% |       57448      8.16%     62.86% |       59497      8.45%     71.31% |       56891      8.08%     79.39% |       49837      7.08%     86.46% |       40383      5.73%     92.20% |       54958      7.80%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       704275                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       37938     13.96%     13.96% |       42892     15.79%     29.75% |       40872     15.04%     44.80% |       40401     14.87%     59.67% |       39966     14.71%     74.38% |       22962      8.45%     82.83% |       14644      5.39%     88.22% |       31998     11.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total       271673                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          19      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       32198     13.97%     13.98% |       35756     15.52%     29.50% |       34585     15.01%     44.50% |       33772     14.66%     59.16% |       33496     14.54%     73.70% |       20469      8.88%     82.58% |       13009      5.65%     88.22% |       27140     11.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total       230444                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      287582     60.19%     60.19% |           0      0.00%     60.19% |       23338      4.88%     65.07% |       22739      4.76%     69.83% |       22901      4.79%     74.62% |       23446      4.91%     79.53% |       22697      4.75%     84.28% |       27473      5.75%     90.03% |       24667      5.16%     95.19% |       22984      4.81%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total       477827                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      141779     35.90%     35.90% |          38      0.01%     35.91% |       32089      8.13%     44.04% |       33114      8.38%     52.42% |       33107      8.38%     60.80% |       33762      8.55%     69.35% |       33372      8.45%     77.80% |       30966      7.84%     85.64% |       26386      6.68%     92.32% |       30312      7.68%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       394925                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122588    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122588                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      146859     66.04%     66.04% |           0      0.00%     66.04% |        9440      4.25%     70.28% |        9699      4.36%     74.65% |        9403      4.23%     78.87% |        9956      4.48%     83.35% |        9292      4.18%     87.53% |        9919      4.46%     91.99% |        8924      4.01%     96.00% |        8887      4.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       222379                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11168     42.73%     42.73% |           0      0.00%     42.73% |        1905      7.29%     50.02% |        1862      7.12%     57.14% |        1897      7.26%     64.40% |        1925      7.36%     71.76% |        1863      7.13%     78.89% |        1845      7.06%     85.95% |        1809      6.92%     92.87% |        1864      7.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        26138                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         357      0.19%      0.19% |           0      0.00%      0.19% |       25882     13.58%     13.76% |       25110     13.17%     26.94% |       26161     13.72%     40.66% |       25647     13.45%     54.11% |       26170     13.73%     67.84% |       21380     11.22%     79.06% |       16032      8.41%     87.47% |       23895     12.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total       190634                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |         520    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total          520                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          33      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       40494     13.77%     13.78% |       39463     13.42%     27.19% |       39853     13.55%     40.74% |       40436     13.75%     54.49% |       38569     13.11%     67.60% |       31991     10.88%     78.48% |       24550      8.35%     86.82% |       38755     13.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       294144                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         579      0.72%      0.72% |           0      0.00%      0.72% |       11143     13.86%     14.58% |       12695     15.79%     30.38% |       11696     14.55%     44.93% |       12117     15.07%     60.00% |       12148     15.11%     75.11% |        5850      7.28%     82.39% |        4485      5.58%     87.97% |        9670     12.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        80383                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        6870      4.15%      4.15% |           0      0.00%      4.15% |       22663     13.68%     17.82% |       23323     14.08%     31.90% |       21436     12.94%     44.84% |       22243     13.42%     58.26% |       20455     12.35%     70.61% |       15251      9.20%     79.81% |       12563      7.58%     87.39% |       20890     12.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       165694                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     5746904    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      5746904                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          19      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       28586     13.99%     14.00% |       32276     15.80%     29.80% |       30671     15.01%     44.81% |       30216     14.79%     59.60% |       30295     14.83%     74.43% |       17147      8.39%     82.83% |       11024      5.40%     88.22% |       24059     11.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total       204293                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        1334      0.45%      0.45% |          27      0.01%      0.46% |       40158     13.44%     13.90% |       37313     12.49%     26.39% |       38472     12.88%     39.27% |       39431     13.20%     52.47% |       37972     12.71%     65.18% |       35884     12.01%     77.20% |       29043      9.72%     86.92% |       39075     13.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total       298709                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122042     69.14%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |        6536      3.70%     72.84% |        6867      3.89%     76.73% |        7401      4.19%     80.92% |        7643      4.33%     85.25% |        7307      4.14%     89.39% |        7050      3.99%     93.38% |        5646      3.20%     96.58% |        6033      3.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       176525                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1387442     90.50%     90.50% |           0      0.00%     90.50% |       18618      1.21%     91.71% |       18852      1.23%     92.94% |       18399      1.20%     94.14% |       19420      1.27%     95.41% |       18656      1.22%     96.62% |       18333      1.20%     97.82% |       16451      1.07%     98.89% |       16963      1.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1533134                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       21205     25.40%     25.40% |           0      0.00%     25.40% |        8272      9.91%     35.31% |        8342      9.99%     45.30% |        8268      9.90%     55.20% |        8024      9.61%     64.81% |        8623     10.33%     75.14% |        6374      7.63%     82.77% |        6600      7.91%     90.68% |        7781      9.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        83489                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |         603     98.21%     98.21% |          11      1.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total          614                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      119842     77.69%     77.69% |           0      0.00%     77.69% |        4295      2.78%     80.47% |        4298      2.79%     83.26% |        4321      2.80%     86.06% |        4600      2.98%     89.04% |        4300      2.79%     91.83% |        4591      2.98%     94.80% |        4011      2.60%     97.40% |        4004      2.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       154262                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2961     14.24%     14.24% |        3232     15.55%     29.79% |        2770     13.32%     43.12% |        2909     13.99%     57.11% |        2515     12.10%     69.21% |        2257     10.86%     80.07% |        1743      8.38%     88.45% |        2401     11.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        20788                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2010386     89.90%     89.90% |           0      0.00%     89.90% |       26073      1.17%     91.06% |       31162      1.39%     92.46% |       27859      1.25%     93.70% |       28753      1.29%     94.99% |       29824      1.33%     96.32% |       28895      1.29%     97.62% |       26897      1.20%     98.82% |       26438      1.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2236287                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     5136528     96.95%     96.95% |           0      0.00%     96.95% |       16524      0.31%     97.26% |       19521      0.37%     97.63% |       16794      0.32%     97.95% |       17922      0.34%     98.29% |       19850      0.37%     98.66% |       26155      0.49%     99.15% |       26514      0.50%     99.65% |       18335      0.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      5298143                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         318    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          318                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      167740     51.84%     51.84% |           0      0.00%     51.84% |       19043      5.89%     57.73% |       18441      5.70%     63.43% |       18580      5.74%     69.17% |       18846      5.82%     74.99% |       18397      5.69%     80.68% |       22882      7.07%     87.75% |       20656      6.38%     94.13% |       18980      5.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       323565                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       37320     14.00%     14.00% |       39925     14.98%     28.97% |       39214     14.71%     43.68% |       38738     14.53%     58.21% |       38889     14.59%     72.80% |       23297      8.74%     81.54% |       16006      6.00%     87.54% |       33220     12.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total       266609                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          30      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       30236     14.25%     14.26% |       31221     14.71%     28.98% |       30176     14.22%     43.20% |       30836     14.53%     57.73% |       29300     13.81%     71.54% |       19059      8.98%     80.52% |       14243      6.71%     87.23% |       27089     12.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total       212190                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          41     17.45%     17.45% |          30     12.77%     30.21% |          24     10.21%     40.43% |          31     13.19%     53.62% |          26     11.06%     64.68% |          40     17.02%     81.70% |          18      7.66%     89.36% |          25     10.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv::total          235                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         127    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          127                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      141766     54.16%     54.16% |          11      0.00%     54.16% |       15847      6.05%     60.21% |       16191      6.19%     66.40% |       15646      5.98%     72.38% |       15833      6.05%     78.43% |       15757      6.02%     84.44% |       13541      5.17%     89.62% |       12673      4.84%     94.46% |       14505      5.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       261770                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          27      0.01%      0.01% |       30564     13.12%     13.13% |       30703     13.18%     26.31% |       31516     13.53%     39.83% |       30915     13.27%     53.10% |       31554     13.54%     66.65% |       27556     11.83%     78.47% |       20851      8.95%     87.42% |       29305     12.58%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total       232991                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      123475     57.79%     57.79% |           0      0.00%     57.79% |       11519      5.39%     63.18% |       11300      5.29%     68.47% |       12082      5.65%     74.12% |       12630      5.91%     80.03% |       12205      5.71%     85.75% |       11209      5.25%     90.99% |        8876      4.15%     95.15% |       10372      4.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       213668                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          10    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4205     13.79%     13.79% |        4154     13.62%     27.41% |        4463     14.63%     42.04% |        4119     13.51%     55.55% |        3818     12.52%     68.07% |        3719     12.19%     80.26% |        2268      7.44%     87.70% |        3752     12.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total        30498                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      146892     29.96%     29.96% |           0      0.00%     29.96% |       46322      9.45%     39.40% |       45682      9.32%     48.72% |       45342      9.25%     57.96% |       46836      9.55%     67.51% |       44660      9.11%     76.62% |       38588      7.87%     84.49% |       31489      6.42%     90.91% |       44561      9.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       490372                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2429     15.98%     15.98% |        2291     15.07%     31.06% |        1872     12.32%     43.37% |        1652     10.87%     54.24% |        1338      8.80%     63.05% |        1399      9.21%     72.25% |        2080     13.69%     85.94% |        2137     14.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total        15198                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         593     13.64%     13.64% |         674     15.50%     29.15% |         549     12.63%     41.78% |         563     12.95%     54.73% |         617     14.19%     68.92% |         397      9.13%     78.05% |         283      6.51%     84.56% |         671     15.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total         4347                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       35509     13.85%     13.85% |       40601     15.83%     29.68% |       39000     15.21%     44.88% |       38749     15.11%     59.99% |       38628     15.06%     75.05% |       21563      8.41%     83.46% |       12564      4.90%     88.36% |       29861     11.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total       256475                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          19      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       32198     13.97%     13.98% |       35756     15.52%     29.50% |       34585     15.01%     44.50% |       33772     14.66%     59.16% |       33496     14.54%     73.70% |       20469      8.88%     82.58% |       13009      5.65%     88.22% |       27140     11.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total       230444                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          41     17.45%     17.45% |          30     12.77%     30.21% |          24     10.21%     40.43% |          31     13.19%     53.62% |          26     11.06%     64.68% |          40     17.02%     81.70% |          18      7.66%     89.36% |          25     10.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks::total          235                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1525    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1525                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           56                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         129    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          129                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     75.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      7.69%      7.69% |           0      0.00%      7.69% |           1      7.69%     15.38% |           1      7.69%     23.08% |           8     61.54%     84.62% |           1      7.69%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           1      7.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total           13                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      287582     60.19%     60.19% |           0      0.00%     60.19% |       23337      4.88%     65.07% |       22739      4.76%     69.83% |       22900      4.79%     74.62% |       23442      4.91%     79.53% |       22689      4.75%     84.28% |       27471      5.75%     90.03% |       24667      5.16%     95.19% |       22983      4.81%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       477810                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.Inv |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.Inv::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      5.88%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |           1      5.88%     11.76% |           4     23.53%     35.29% |           8     47.06%     82.35% |           2     11.76%     94.12% |           0      0.00%     94.12% |           1      5.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total           17                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3826      3.11%      3.11% |        3774      3.07%      6.17% |        3474      2.82%      9.00% |        3489      2.83%     11.83% |        3536      2.87%     14.70% |        4042      3.28%     17.98% |        3712      3.02%     21.00% |        3294      2.68%     23.68% |        3535      2.87%     26.55% |        5127      4.16%     30.71% |        3879      3.15%     33.86% |        3783      3.07%     36.93% |        3543      2.88%     39.81% |        4270      3.47%     43.28% |        3863      3.14%     46.42% |        3769      3.06%     49.48% |        4082      3.32%     52.80% |        4108      3.34%     56.13% |        3604      2.93%     59.06% |        3284      2.67%     61.73% |        3063      2.49%     64.22% |        3646      2.96%     67.18% |        3495      2.84%     70.02% |        3386      2.75%     72.77% |        3604      2.93%     75.69% |        3631      2.95%     78.64% |        3246      2.64%     81.28% |        4532      3.68%     84.96% |        3913      3.18%     88.14% |        5150      4.18%     92.32% |        5002      4.06%     96.39% |        4450      3.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       123112                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       44878      7.52%      7.52% |       18404      3.08%     10.60% |       17552      2.94%     13.54% |       18238      3.06%     16.60% |       17868      2.99%     19.59% |       17356      2.91%     22.50% |       17093      2.86%     25.36% |       17129      2.87%     28.23% |       17395      2.91%     31.14% |       17761      2.98%     34.12% |       19536      3.27%     37.39% |       19256      3.23%     40.62% |       18079      3.03%     43.64% |       17703      2.97%     46.61% |       16976      2.84%     49.45% |       17181      2.88%     52.33% |       18262      3.06%     55.39% |       17550      2.94%     58.33% |       17896      3.00%     61.33% |       17694      2.96%     64.29% |       17745      2.97%     67.26% |       18935      3.17%     70.44% |       17409      2.92%     73.35% |       17166      2.88%     76.23% |       17519      2.93%     79.16% |       17869      2.99%     82.16% |       17402      2.92%     85.07% |       17053      2.86%     87.93% |       17433      2.92%     90.85% |       16964      2.84%     93.69% |       17606      2.95%     96.64% |       20070      3.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       596978                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       18554      3.50%      3.50% |       16645      3.14%      6.63% |       16220      3.06%      9.69% |       16489      3.11%     12.80% |       16537      3.12%     15.91% |       16307      3.07%     18.99% |       16102      3.03%     22.02% |       16135      3.04%     25.06% |       16504      3.11%     28.17% |       16262      3.06%     31.24% |       16280      3.07%     34.31% |       16807      3.17%     37.47% |       16460      3.10%     40.57% |       16261      3.06%     43.64% |       16155      3.04%     46.68% |       16277      3.07%     49.75% |       16477      3.11%     52.86% |       16272      3.07%     55.92% |       16515      3.11%     59.03% |       16642      3.14%     62.17% |       16513      3.11%     65.28% |       17416      3.28%     68.57% |       16447      3.10%     71.66% |       16444      3.10%     74.76% |       16919      3.19%     77.95% |       16519      3.11%     81.07% |       16617      3.13%     84.20% |       16952      3.19%     87.39% |       16545      3.12%     90.51% |       16491      3.11%     93.62% |       16947      3.19%     96.81% |       16923      3.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       530634                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |        6483      3.16%      3.16% |        6287      3.07%      6.23% |        6384      3.11%      9.34% |        6323      3.08%     12.43% |        6545      3.19%     15.62% |        6320      3.08%     18.71% |        6340      3.09%     21.80% |        6403      3.12%     24.92% |        6503      3.17%     28.10% |        6340      3.09%     31.19% |        6350      3.10%     34.29% |        6416      3.13%     37.42% |        6495      3.17%     40.59% |        6364      3.10%     43.69% |        6373      3.11%     46.80% |        6366      3.11%     49.91% |        6546      3.19%     53.10% |        6324      3.09%     56.19% |        6411      3.13%     59.31% |        6382      3.11%     62.43% |        6573      3.21%     65.63% |        6353      3.10%     68.73% |        6379      3.11%     71.85% |        6402      3.12%     74.97% |        6496      3.17%     78.14% |        6400      3.12%     81.26% |        6376      3.11%     84.37% |        6427      3.14%     87.51% |        6469      3.16%     90.66% |        6348      3.10%     93.76% |        6413      3.13%     96.89% |        6377      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total       204968                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       42859      8.97%      8.97% |       14996      3.14%     12.11% |       13668      2.86%     14.97% |       14594      3.05%     18.02% |       13813      2.89%     20.91% |       13446      2.81%     23.73% |       13065      2.73%     26.46% |       13109      2.74%     29.20% |       13313      2.79%     31.99% |       13872      2.90%     34.89% |       15624      3.27%     38.16% |       15917      3.33%     41.50% |       14012      2.93%     44.43% |       13643      2.86%     47.28% |       12808      2.68%     49.96% |       13197      2.76%     52.72% |       14157      2.96%     55.69% |       13671      2.86%     58.55% |       14011      2.93%     61.48% |       14044      2.94%     64.42% |       13698      2.87%     67.29% |       16133      3.38%     70.66% |       13602      2.85%     73.51% |       13289      2.78%     76.29% |       13749      2.88%     79.17% |       14127      2.96%     82.12% |       13667      2.86%     84.98% |       13628      2.85%     87.84% |       13525      2.83%     90.67% |       13335      2.79%     93.46% |       14451      3.02%     96.48% |       16808      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total       477831                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           1     12.50%     12.50% |           1     12.50%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     12.50%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           1     12.50%     50.00% |           1     12.50%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           1     12.50%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     12.50%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        8042      3.67%      3.67% |        6816      3.11%      6.77% |        6848      3.12%      9.90% |        6805      3.10%     13.00% |        6792      3.10%     16.09% |        6807      3.10%     19.20% |        6792      3.10%     22.29% |        6804      3.10%     25.40% |        6821      3.11%     28.51% |        6831      3.11%     31.62% |        6856      3.13%     34.75% |        6833      3.12%     37.86% |        6812      3.11%     40.97% |        6846      3.12%     44.09% |        6822      3.11%     47.20% |        6817      3.11%     50.31% |        6856      3.13%     53.43% |        6827      3.11%     56.54% |        6834      3.12%     59.66% |        6833      3.12%     62.78% |        6822      3.11%     65.89% |        6858      3.13%     69.01% |        6827      3.11%     72.12% |        6783      3.09%     75.22% |        6804      3.10%     78.32% |        6814      3.11%     81.43% |        6794      3.10%     84.52% |        6784      3.09%     87.62% |        6790      3.10%     90.71% |        6777      3.09%     93.80% |        6793      3.10%     96.90% |        6804      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       219344                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        1817      3.42%      3.42% |        1698      3.20%      6.61% |        1728      3.25%      9.87% |        1673      3.15%     13.01% |        1676      3.15%     16.17% |        1667      3.14%     19.30% |        1669      3.14%     22.44% |        1654      3.11%     25.56% |        1670      3.14%     28.70% |        1703      3.20%     31.90% |        1689      3.18%     35.08% |        1643      3.09%     38.17% |        1690      3.18%     41.35% |        1684      3.17%     44.52% |        1699      3.20%     47.72% |        1644      3.09%     50.81% |        1658      3.12%     53.93% |        1642      3.09%     57.02% |        1632      3.07%     60.09% |        1621      3.05%     63.14% |        1624      3.06%     66.20% |        1639      3.08%     69.28% |        1623      3.05%     72.34% |        1612      3.03%     75.37% |        1652      3.11%     78.48% |        1674      3.15%     81.63% |        1664      3.13%     84.76% |        1618      3.04%     87.80% |        1641      3.09%     90.89% |        1621      3.05%     93.94% |        1619      3.05%     96.99% |        1600      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total        53144                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       10975      3.59%      3.59% |        9564      3.12%      6.71% |        9624      3.14%      9.85% |        9526      3.11%     12.97% |        9516      3.11%     16.08% |        9522      3.11%     19.19% |        9509      3.11%     22.29% |        9506      3.11%     25.40% |        9539      3.12%     28.52% |        9582      3.13%     31.65% |        9592      3.13%     34.78% |        9523      3.11%     37.89% |        9549      3.12%     41.01% |        9577      3.13%     44.14% |        9568      3.13%     47.26% |        9508      3.11%     50.37% |        9561      3.12%     53.49% |        9517      3.11%     56.60% |        9514      3.11%     59.71% |        9502      3.10%     62.82% |        9494      3.10%     65.92% |        9546      3.12%     69.04% |        9498      3.10%     72.14% |        9442      3.08%     75.22% |        9504      3.10%     78.33% |        9537      3.12%     81.45% |        9507      3.11%     84.55% |        9448      3.09%     87.64% |        9478      3.10%     90.73% |        9446      3.09%     93.82% |        9461      3.09%     96.91% |        9453      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       306088                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |        9951      3.64%      3.64% |        8540      3.12%      6.77% |        8600      3.15%      9.91% |        8502      3.11%     13.02% |        8492      3.11%     16.13% |        8498      3.11%     19.24% |        8485      3.10%     22.34% |        8482      3.10%     25.45% |        8515      3.12%     28.56% |        8558      3.13%     31.69% |        8568      3.13%     34.83% |        8499      3.11%     37.94% |        8525      3.12%     41.06% |        8553      3.13%     44.19% |        8544      3.13%     47.31% |        8484      3.10%     50.42% |        8537      3.12%     53.54% |        8493      3.11%     56.65% |        8490      3.11%     59.75% |        8478      3.10%     62.85% |        8470      3.10%     65.95% |        8522      3.12%     69.07% |        8474      3.10%     72.17% |        8418      3.08%     75.25% |        8480      3.10%     78.35% |        8513      3.11%     81.47% |        8483      3.10%     84.57% |        8424      3.08%     87.65% |        8454      3.09%     90.75% |        8422      3.08%     93.83% |        8437      3.09%     96.92% |        8429      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       273320                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |        6826      3.21%      3.21% |        6566      3.09%      6.30% |        6625      3.12%      9.42% |        6562      3.09%     12.51% |        6825      3.21%     15.72% |        6602      3.11%     18.82% |        6611      3.11%     21.94% |        6633      3.12%     25.06% |        6779      3.19%     28.25% |        6635      3.12%     31.37% |        6600      3.11%     34.47% |        6600      3.11%     37.58% |        6726      3.16%     40.74% |        6600      3.11%     43.85% |        6628      3.12%     46.97% |        6584      3.10%     50.07% |        6779      3.19%     53.26% |        6599      3.11%     56.36% |        6616      3.11%     59.48% |        6528      3.07%     62.55% |        6760      3.18%     65.73% |        6559      3.09%     68.81% |        6604      3.11%     71.92% |        6631      3.12%     75.04% |        6701      3.15%     78.19% |        6602      3.11%     81.30% |        6574      3.09%     84.39% |        6571      3.09%     87.49% |        6756      3.18%     90.67% |        6609      3.11%     93.78% |        6628      3.12%     96.89% |        6600      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total       212519                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |         660      3.17%      3.17% |         650      3.13%      6.30% |         642      3.09%      9.39% |         649      3.12%     12.51% |         674      3.24%     15.75% |         653      3.14%     18.89% |         649      3.12%     22.02% |         642      3.09%     25.10% |         653      3.14%     28.24% |         636      3.06%     31.30% |         648      3.12%     34.42% |         657      3.16%     37.58% |         650      3.13%     40.71% |         657      3.16%     43.87% |         655      3.15%     47.02% |         650      3.13%     50.14% |         644      3.10%     53.24% |         628      3.02%     56.26% |         650      3.13%     59.39% |         640      3.08%     62.47% |         659      3.17%     65.64% |         631      3.04%     68.67% |         664      3.19%     71.87% |         638      3.07%     74.94% |         635      3.05%     77.99% |         645      3.10%     81.09% |         635      3.05%     84.15% |         647      3.11%     87.26% |         664      3.19%     90.45% |         665      3.20%     93.65% |         658      3.16%     96.82% |         662      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total        20790                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |         398      3.09%      3.09% |         395      3.06%      6.15% |         408      3.17%      9.32% |         405      3.14%     12.46% |         404      3.13%     15.59% |         404      3.13%     18.73% |         407      3.16%     21.89% |         411      3.19%     25.07% |         406      3.15%     28.22% |         410      3.18%     31.40% |         412      3.20%     34.60% |         404      3.13%     37.73% |         409      3.17%     40.91% |         406      3.15%     44.06% |         408      3.17%     47.22% |         408      3.17%     50.39% |         405      3.14%     53.53% |         406      3.15%     56.68% |         403      3.13%     59.81% |         397      3.08%     62.89% |         397      3.08%     65.97% |         397      3.08%     69.05% |         398      3.09%     72.13% |         398      3.09%     75.22% |         401      3.11%     78.33% |         397      3.08%     81.41% |         403      3.13%     84.54% |         400      3.10%     87.64% |         396      3.07%     90.71% |         402      3.12%     93.83% |         399      3.10%     96.93% |         396      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total        12890                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         500      3.34%      3.34% |         456      3.04%      6.38% |         454      3.03%      9.41% |         448      2.99%     12.40% |         461      3.08%     15.47% |         471      3.14%     18.62% |         461      3.08%     21.69% |         461      3.08%     24.77% |         468      3.12%     27.89% |         475      3.17%     31.06% |         487      3.25%     34.31% |         476      3.18%     37.49% |         493      3.29%     40.78% |         496      3.31%     44.09% |         500      3.34%     47.42% |         485      3.24%     50.66% |         487      3.25%     53.91% |         472      3.15%     57.06% |         468      3.12%     60.18% |         447      2.98%     63.17% |         440      2.94%     66.10% |         470      3.14%     69.24% |         449      3.00%     72.23% |         446      2.98%     75.21% |         474      3.16%     78.37% |         478      3.19%     81.56% |         487      3.25%     84.81% |         455      3.04%     87.85% |         451      3.01%     90.86% |         455      3.04%     93.89% |         462      3.08%     96.98% |         453      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        14986                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        7424      3.19%      3.19% |        7209      3.09%      6.28% |        7257      3.11%      9.40% |        7203      3.09%     12.49% |        7492      3.22%     15.70% |        7251      3.11%     18.81% |        7255      3.11%     21.93% |        7268      3.12%     25.05% |        7424      3.19%     28.23% |        7263      3.12%     31.35% |        7241      3.11%     34.46% |        7251      3.11%     37.57% |        7368      3.16%     40.73% |        7253      3.11%     43.85% |        7277      3.12%     46.97% |        7229      3.10%     50.07% |        7417      3.18%     53.26% |        7220      3.10%     56.35% |        7259      3.12%     59.47% |        7158      3.07%     62.54% |        7407      3.18%     65.72% |        7177      3.08%     68.80% |        7257      3.11%     71.92% |        7258      3.12%     75.03% |        7326      3.14%     78.18% |        7238      3.11%     81.28% |        7199      3.09%     84.37% |        7207      3.09%     87.47% |        7407      3.18%     90.65% |        7265      3.12%     93.76% |        7273      3.12%     96.88% |        7258      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total       232991                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       59011      6.01%      6.01% |       30699      3.12%      9.13% |       29327      2.98%     12.11% |       30282      3.08%     15.20% |       29910      3.04%     18.24% |       29125      2.96%     21.20% |       28756      2.93%     24.13% |       28777      2.93%     27.06% |       29357      2.99%     30.05% |       29567      3.01%     33.06% |       31315      3.19%     36.24% |       31597      3.22%     39.46% |       30003      3.05%     42.51% |       29372      2.99%     45.50% |       28483      2.90%     48.40% |       28910      2.94%     51.34% |       30155      3.07%     54.41% |       29340      2.99%     57.40% |       29701      3.02%     60.42% |       29703      3.02%     63.44% |       29726      3.03%     66.47% |       31794      3.24%     69.70% |       29330      2.98%     72.69% |       28973      2.95%     75.64% |       29739      3.03%     78.67% |       29762      3.03%     81.69% |       29332      2.99%     84.68% |       29292      2.98%     87.66% |       29526      3.00%     90.67% |       29034      2.95%     93.62% |       30129      3.07%     96.69% |       32559      3.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total       982586                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.04%     11.04% |          52      3.12%     14.17% |          48      2.88%     17.05% |          48      2.88%     19.93% |          48      2.88%     22.81% |          48      2.88%     25.69% |          48      2.88%     28.57% |          48      2.88%     31.45% |          48      2.88%     34.33% |          48      2.88%     37.21% |          46      2.76%     39.98% |          46      2.76%     42.74% |          46      2.76%     45.50% |          46      2.76%     48.26% |          46      2.76%     51.02% |          46      2.76%     53.78% |          46      2.76%     56.54% |          48      2.88%     59.42% |          48      2.88%     62.30% |          48      2.88%     65.19% |          48      2.88%     68.07% |          50      3.00%     71.07% |          48      2.88%     73.95% |          46      2.76%     76.71% |          48      2.88%     79.59% |          50      3.00%     82.59% |          50      3.00%     85.59% |          46      2.76%     88.36% |          46      2.76%     91.12% |          48      2.88%     94.00% |          50      3.00%     97.00% |          50      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1666                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         410      3.27%      3.27% |         374      2.98%      6.25% |         379      3.02%      9.27% |         374      2.98%     12.26% |         384      3.06%     15.32% |         382      3.05%     18.36% |         380      3.03%     21.39% |         385      3.07%     24.46% |         389      3.10%     27.57% |         401      3.20%     30.76% |         406      3.24%     34.00% |         398      3.17%     37.17% |         417      3.33%     40.50% |         418      3.33%     43.83% |         420      3.35%     47.18% |         409      3.26%     50.44% |         413      3.29%     53.74% |         400      3.19%     56.93% |         391      3.12%     60.04% |         372      2.97%     63.01% |         364      2.90%     65.91% |         389      3.10%     69.01% |         373      2.97%     71.99% |         372      2.97%     74.95% |         399      3.18%     78.14% |         406      3.24%     81.37% |         414      3.30%     84.67% |         387      3.09%     87.76% |         388      3.09%     90.85% |         382      3.05%     93.90% |         393      3.13%     97.03% |         372      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        12541                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |        5291      4.14%      4.14% |        4018      3.14%      7.28% |        4071      3.19%     10.47% |        3977      3.11%     13.58% |        3973      3.11%     16.69% |        3964      3.10%     19.79% |        3968      3.10%     22.90% |        3962      3.10%     26.00% |        3970      3.11%     29.10% |        3998      3.13%     32.23% |        4017      3.14%     35.37% |        3931      3.08%     38.45% |        3946      3.09%     41.54% |        3973      3.11%     44.65% |        3968      3.10%     47.75% |        3932      3.08%     50.83% |        3965      3.10%     53.93% |        3936      3.08%     57.01% |        3940      3.08%     60.09% |        3948      3.09%     63.18% |        3949      3.09%     66.27% |        3959      3.10%     69.37% |        3952      3.09%     72.46% |        3901      3.05%     75.52% |        3930      3.08%     78.59% |        3948      3.09%     81.68% |        3910      3.06%     84.74% |        3891      3.04%     87.78% |        3917      3.06%     90.85% |        3891      3.04%     93.89% |        3885      3.04%     96.93% |        3919      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       127800                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        5274      3.18%      3.18% |        5172      3.12%      6.30% |        5174      3.12%      9.42% |        5175      3.12%     12.55% |        5159      3.11%     15.66% |        5176      3.12%     18.78% |        5161      3.11%     21.90% |        5159      3.11%     25.01% |        5180      3.13%     28.13% |        5183      3.13%     31.26% |        5169      3.12%     34.38% |        5194      3.13%     37.51% |        5186      3.13%     40.64% |        5186      3.13%     43.77% |        5180      3.13%     46.90% |        5167      3.12%     50.01% |        5183      3.13%     53.14% |        5181      3.13%     56.27% |        5183      3.13%     59.39% |        5182      3.13%     62.52% |        5181      3.13%     65.64% |        5198      3.14%     68.78% |        5173      3.12%     71.90% |        5169      3.12%     75.02% |        5175      3.12%     78.14% |        5183      3.13%     81.27% |        5183      3.13%     84.40% |        5171      3.12%     87.52% |        5173      3.12%     90.64% |        5173      3.12%     93.76% |        5183      3.13%     96.89% |        5162      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       165748                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3412      3.09%      3.09% |        3393      3.07%      6.16% |        3090      2.80%      8.96% |        3111      2.82%     11.77% |        3151      2.85%     14.62% |        3653      3.31%     17.93% |        3330      3.01%     20.94% |        2908      2.63%     23.58% |        3145      2.85%     26.42% |        4724      4.28%     30.70% |        3471      3.14%     33.84% |        3384      3.06%     36.90% |        3122      2.83%     39.73% |        3851      3.49%     43.22% |        3439      3.11%     46.33% |        3360      3.04%     49.37% |        3668      3.32%     52.69% |        3706      3.35%     56.04% |        3200      2.90%     58.94% |        2906      2.63%     61.57% |        2697      2.44%     64.01% |        3256      2.95%     66.96% |        3120      2.82%     69.78% |        3012      2.73%     72.51% |        3201      2.90%     75.41% |        3224      2.92%     78.33% |        2830      2.56%     80.89% |        4145      3.75%     84.64% |        3522      3.19%     87.83% |        4765      4.31%     92.14% |        4606      4.17%     96.31% |        4078      3.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110480                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        2732      3.13%      3.13% |        2665      3.06%      6.19% |        2764      3.17%      9.36% |        2745      3.15%     12.51% |        2795      3.21%     15.72% |        2778      3.19%     18.91% |        2751      3.16%     22.06% |        2709      3.11%     25.17% |        2755      3.16%     28.33% |        2729      3.13%     31.46% |        2750      3.16%     34.62% |        2685      3.08%     37.70% |        2719      3.12%     40.82% |        2734      3.14%     43.96% |        2773      3.18%     47.14% |        2721      3.12%     50.26% |        2760      3.17%     53.43% |        2693      3.09%     56.52% |        2809      3.22%     59.74% |        2705      3.10%     62.84% |        2721      3.12%     65.96% |        2697      3.09%     69.06% |        2696      3.09%     72.15% |        2671      3.06%     75.22% |        2736      3.14%     78.35% |        2691      3.09%     81.44% |        2716      3.12%     84.56% |        2713      3.11%     87.67% |        2723      3.12%     90.79% |        2649      3.04%     93.83% |        2702      3.10%     96.93% |        2672      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total        87159                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |        1071      3.24%      3.24% |        1045      3.17%      6.41% |        1038      3.14%      9.56% |        1012      3.07%     12.62% |        1057      3.20%     15.82% |        1059      3.21%     19.03% |        1045      3.17%     22.20% |        1020      3.09%     25.29% |        1046      3.17%     28.46% |        1053      3.19%     31.65% |        1030      3.12%     34.77% |         982      2.98%     37.75% |        1022      3.10%     40.84% |        1048      3.18%     44.02% |        1059      3.21%     47.23% |        1020      3.09%     50.32% |        1036      3.14%     53.46% |        1046      3.17%     56.62% |        1041      3.15%     59.78% |        1002      3.04%     62.81% |        1003      3.04%     65.85% |         996      3.02%     68.87% |        1033      3.13%     72.00% |        1042      3.16%     75.16% |        1023      3.10%     78.26% |        1031      3.12%     81.38% |        1036      3.14%     84.52% |        1013      3.07%     87.59% |        1063      3.22%     90.81% |        1039      3.15%     93.96% |         988      2.99%     96.95% |        1006      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total        33005                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |        6345      3.17%      3.17% |        6162      3.08%      6.26% |        6226      3.11%      9.37% |        6190      3.10%     12.46% |        6423      3.21%     15.68% |        6189      3.10%     18.77% |        6206      3.10%     21.88% |        6246      3.12%     25.00% |        6370      3.19%     28.19% |        6217      3.11%     31.30% |        6208      3.10%     34.40% |        6263      3.13%     37.53% |        6350      3.18%     40.71% |        6200      3.10%     43.81% |        6211      3.11%     46.92% |        6201      3.10%     50.02% |        6383      3.19%     53.21% |        6180      3.09%     56.30% |        6226      3.11%     59.41% |        6167      3.08%     62.50% |        6403      3.20%     65.70% |        6198      3.10%     68.80% |        6211      3.11%     71.91% |        6220      3.11%     75.02% |        6316      3.16%     78.18% |        6207      3.10%     81.28% |        6168      3.08%     84.37% |        6197      3.10%     87.47% |        6340      3.17%     90.64% |        6216      3.11%     93.74% |        6273      3.14%     96.88% |        6234      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total       199946                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     12.50%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           1     12.50%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     12.50%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           2     25.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      1.54%      1.54% |           2      3.08%      4.62% |          11     16.92%     21.54% |           1      1.54%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           3      4.62%     27.69% |           3      4.62%     32.31% |           3      4.62%     36.92% |           1      1.54%     38.46% |           3      4.62%     43.08% |          18     27.69%     70.77% |           1      1.54%     72.31% |           2      3.08%     75.38% |           2      3.08%     78.46% |           3      4.62%     83.08% |           2      3.08%     86.15% |           2      3.08%     89.23% |           1      1.54%     90.77% |           1      1.54%     92.31% |           1      1.54%     93.85% |           1      1.54%     95.38% |           1      1.54%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           1      1.54%     98.46% |           1      1.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           65                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         467      3.26%      3.26% |         433      3.03%      6.29% |         424      2.96%      9.25% |         431      3.01%     12.27% |         443      3.10%     15.36% |         440      3.08%     18.44% |         438      3.06%     21.50% |         442      3.09%     24.59% |         446      3.12%     27.71% |         454      3.17%     30.88% |         449      3.14%     34.02% |         455      3.18%     37.20% |         473      3.31%     40.50% |         473      3.31%     43.81% |         476      3.33%     47.14% |         464      3.24%     50.38% |         467      3.26%     53.65% |         454      3.17%     56.82% |         449      3.14%     59.96% |         425      2.97%     62.93% |         418      2.92%     65.85% |         440      3.08%     68.92% |         431      3.01%     71.94% |         430      3.01%     74.94% |         460      3.22%     78.16% |         463      3.24%     81.39% |         472      3.30%     84.69% |         440      3.08%     87.77% |         438      3.06%     90.83% |         437      3.05%     93.88% |         447      3.12%     97.01% |         428      2.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        14307                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      4.65%      4.65% |           7      8.14%     12.79% |           5      5.81%     18.60% |           4      4.65%     23.26% |           1      1.16%     24.42% |           7      8.14%     32.56% |           2      2.33%     34.88% |           1      1.16%     36.05% |           1      1.16%     37.21% |           2      2.33%     39.53% |           2      2.33%     41.86% |           1      1.16%     43.02% |           4      4.65%     47.67% |           1      1.16%     48.84% |           4      4.65%     53.49% |           0      0.00%     53.49% |           1      1.16%     54.65% |           2      2.33%     56.98% |          13     15.12%     72.09% |           4      4.65%     76.74% |           2      2.33%     79.07% |           1      1.16%     80.23% |           2      2.33%     82.56% |           2      2.33%     84.88% |           4      4.65%     89.53% |           1      1.16%     90.70% |           2      2.33%     93.02% |           0      0.00%     93.02% |           3      3.49%     96.51% |           2      2.33%     98.84% |           1      1.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           86                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       29081     21.42%     21.42% |        4167      3.07%     24.49% |        3098      2.28%     26.77% |        3930      2.89%     29.66% |        3258      2.40%     32.06% |        3000      2.21%     34.27% |        2777      2.05%     36.32% |        2793      2.06%     38.37% |        2839      2.09%     40.46% |        3387      2.49%     42.96% |        5147      3.79%     46.75% |        4976      3.66%     50.41% |        3634      2.68%     53.09% |        3327      2.45%     55.54% |        2527      1.86%     57.40% |        2874      2.12%     59.52% |        3702      2.73%     62.24% |        3287      2.42%     64.66% |        3442      2.53%     67.20% |        3404      2.51%     69.71% |        3255      2.40%     72.10% |        4627      3.41%     75.51% |        3097      2.28%     77.79% |        2870      2.11%     79.90% |        3033      2.23%     82.14% |        3533      2.60%     84.74% |        3086      2.27%     87.01% |        2695      1.98%     89.00% |        3021      2.22%     91.22% |        2775      2.04%     93.27% |        3326      2.45%     95.72% |        5818      4.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       135786                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        3501      6.31%      6.31% |        1854      3.34%      9.65% |        1544      2.78%     12.43% |        1726      3.11%     15.54% |        1639      2.95%     18.49% |        1531      2.76%     21.25% |        1374      2.48%     23.73% |        1412      2.54%     26.27% |        1547      2.79%     29.06% |        1523      2.74%     31.80% |        1511      2.72%     34.52% |        2033      3.66%     38.19% |        1460      2.63%     40.82% |        1373      2.47%     43.29% |        1349      2.43%     45.72% |        1439      2.59%     48.31% |        1521      2.74%     51.05% |        1481      2.67%     53.72% |        1651      2.97%     56.70% |        1728      3.11%     59.81% |        1540      2.77%     62.58% |        2584      4.66%     67.24% |        1600      2.88%     70.12% |        1565      2.82%     72.94% |        1820      3.28%     76.22% |        1676      3.02%     79.24% |        1701      3.06%     82.31% |        2084      3.75%     86.06% |        1623      2.92%     88.98% |        1707      3.08%     92.06% |        2276      4.10%     96.16% |        2131      3.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total        55504                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        8036      3.67%      3.67% |        6807      3.11%      6.77% |        6831      3.12%      9.89% |        6801      3.10%     12.99% |        6790      3.10%     16.09% |        6799      3.10%     19.19% |        6789      3.10%     22.29% |        6801      3.10%     25.39% |        6817      3.11%     28.50% |        6823      3.11%     31.62% |        6835      3.12%     34.74% |        6827      3.11%     37.85% |        6807      3.11%     40.96% |        6843      3.12%     44.08% |        6816      3.11%     47.19% |        6814      3.11%     50.30% |        6852      3.13%     53.42% |        6825      3.11%     56.54% |        6830      3.12%     59.65% |        6829      3.12%     62.77% |        6816      3.11%     65.88% |        6850      3.13%     69.00% |        6823      3.11%     72.12% |        6781      3.09%     75.21% |        6800      3.10%     78.31% |        6811      3.11%     81.42% |        6790      3.10%     84.52% |        6781      3.09%     87.61% |        6784      3.10%     90.71% |        6773      3.09%     93.80% |        6790      3.10%     96.90% |        6799      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       219170                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        1317      3.46%      3.46% |        1244      3.27%      6.73% |        1281      3.36%     10.09% |        1221      3.21%     13.30% |        1210      3.18%     16.48% |        1200      3.15%     19.63% |        1206      3.17%     22.80% |        1189      3.12%     25.92% |        1198      3.15%     29.07% |        1228      3.23%     32.29% |        1216      3.19%     35.49% |        1167      3.07%     38.55% |        1194      3.14%     41.69% |        1187      3.12%     44.81% |        1199      3.15%     47.96% |        1157      3.04%     51.00% |        1169      3.07%     54.07% |        1165      3.06%     57.13% |        1161      3.05%     60.18% |        1168      3.07%     63.24% |        1178      3.09%     66.34% |        1164      3.06%     69.40% |        1167      3.07%     72.46% |        1157      3.04%     75.50% |        1172      3.08%     78.58% |        1190      3.13%     81.70% |        1171      3.08%     84.78% |        1155      3.03%     87.81% |        1183      3.11%     90.92% |        1161      3.05%     93.97% |        1147      3.01%     96.98% |        1148      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total        38070                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          36      4.63%      4.63% |          26      3.35%      7.98% |          24      3.09%     11.07% |          24      3.09%     14.16% |          24      3.09%     17.25% |          24      3.09%     20.33% |          24      3.09%     23.42% |          24      3.09%     26.51% |          24      3.09%     29.60% |          24      3.09%     32.69% |          23      2.96%     35.65% |          23      2.96%     38.61% |          23      2.96%     41.57% |          23      2.96%     44.53% |          23      2.96%     47.49% |          23      2.96%     50.45% |          23      2.96%     53.41% |          24      3.09%     56.50% |          24      3.09%     59.59% |          24      3.09%     62.68% |          24      3.09%     65.77% |          25      3.22%     68.98% |          24      3.09%     72.07% |          23      2.96%     75.03% |          24      3.09%     78.12% |          25      3.22%     81.34% |          25      3.22%     84.56% |          23      2.96%     87.52% |          23      2.96%     90.48% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          777                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        7424      3.19%      3.19% |        7209      3.09%      6.28% |        7257      3.11%      9.40% |        7203      3.09%     12.49% |        7492      3.22%     15.70% |        7251      3.11%     18.81% |        7255      3.11%     21.93% |        7268      3.12%     25.05% |        7424      3.19%     28.23% |        7263      3.12%     31.35% |        7241      3.11%     34.46% |        7251      3.11%     37.57% |        7368      3.16%     40.73% |        7253      3.11%     43.85% |        7277      3.12%     46.97% |        7229      3.10%     50.07% |        7417      3.18%     53.26% |        7220      3.10%     56.35% |        7259      3.12%     59.47% |        7158      3.07%     62.54% |        7407      3.18%     65.72% |        7177      3.08%     68.80% |        7257      3.11%     71.92% |        7258      3.12%     75.03% |        7326      3.14%     78.18% |        7238      3.11%     81.28% |        7199      3.09%     84.37% |        7207      3.09%     87.47% |        7407      3.18%     90.65% |        7265      3.12%     93.76% |        7273      3.12%     96.88% |        7258      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total       232991                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |        8496      3.19%      3.19% |        8334      3.13%      6.31% |        8238      3.09%      9.40% |        8328      3.12%     12.53% |        8448      3.17%     15.69% |        8260      3.10%     18.79% |        8282      3.11%     21.90% |        8245      3.09%     24.99% |        8457      3.17%     28.16% |        8272      3.10%     31.27% |        8292      3.11%     34.38% |        8272      3.10%     37.48% |        8467      3.18%     40.65% |        8321      3.12%     43.78% |        8240      3.09%     46.87% |        8330      3.12%     49.99% |        8427      3.16%     53.15% |        8294      3.11%     56.26% |        8275      3.10%     59.37% |        8339      3.13%     62.49% |        8452      3.17%     65.66% |        8307      3.12%     68.78% |        8309      3.12%     71.90% |        8268      3.10%     75.00% |        8512      3.19%     78.19% |        8242      3.09%     81.28% |        8310      3.12%     84.40% |        8302      3.11%     87.51% |        8440      3.17%     90.68% |        8281      3.11%     93.78% |        8244      3.09%     96.88% |        8329      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total       266613                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       42858      8.97%      8.97% |       14995      3.14%     12.11% |       13668      2.86%     14.97% |       14594      3.05%     18.02% |       13813      2.89%     20.91% |       13446      2.81%     23.73% |       13064      2.73%     26.46% |       13109      2.74%     29.21% |       13313      2.79%     31.99% |       13872      2.90%     34.90% |       15621      3.27%     38.16% |       15917      3.33%     41.50% |       14012      2.93%     44.43% |       13642      2.86%     47.28% |       12807      2.68%     49.96% |       13197      2.76%     52.73% |       14157      2.96%     55.69% |       13671      2.86%     58.55% |       14011      2.93%     61.48% |       14044      2.94%     64.42% |       13698      2.87%     67.29% |       16133      3.38%     70.66% |       13602      2.85%     73.51% |       13289      2.78%     76.29% |       13746      2.88%     79.17% |       14127      2.96%     82.13% |       13666      2.86%     84.99% |       13626      2.85%     87.84% |       13524      2.83%     90.67% |       13331      2.79%     93.46% |       14451      3.02%     96.48% |       16806      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total       477810                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old |           1     12.50%     12.50% |           1     12.50%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     12.50%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           1     12.50%     50.00% |           1     12.50%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           1     12.50%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     12.50%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           5      4.59%      4.59% |           7      6.42%     11.01% |           6      5.50%     16.51% |           3      2.75%     19.27% |           2      1.83%     21.10% |           5      4.59%     25.69% |           0      0.00%     25.69% |           0      0.00%     25.69% |           3      2.75%     28.44% |           5      4.59%     33.03% |           3      2.75%     35.78% |           5      4.59%     40.37% |           3      2.75%     43.12% |           1      0.92%     44.04% |           3      2.75%     46.79% |           1      0.92%     47.71% |           2      1.83%     49.54% |           1      0.92%     50.46% |           3      2.75%     53.21% |           3      2.75%     55.96% |           5      4.59%     60.55% |           7      6.42%     66.97% |           4      3.67%     70.64% |           2      1.83%     72.48% |           4      3.67%     76.15% |           3      2.75%     78.90% |           4      3.67%     82.57% |           3      2.75%     85.32% |           5      4.59%     89.91% |           3      2.75%     92.66% |           3      2.75%     95.41% |           5      4.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          109                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          33      4.30%      4.30% |          21      2.74%      7.04% |          23      3.00%     10.04% |          21      2.74%     12.78% |          23      3.00%     15.78% |          27      3.52%     19.30% |          25      3.26%     22.56% |          23      3.00%     25.55% |          26      3.39%     28.94% |          21      2.74%     31.68% |          24      3.13%     34.81% |          21      2.74%     37.55% |          23      3.00%     40.55% |          24      3.13%     43.68% |          24      3.13%     46.81% |          23      3.00%     49.80% |          22      2.87%     52.67% |          23      3.00%     55.67% |          22      2.87%     58.54% |          28      3.65%     62.19% |          28      3.65%     65.84% |          35      4.56%     70.40% |          25      3.26%     73.66% |          25      3.26%     76.92% |          20      2.61%     79.53% |          21      2.74%     82.27% |          21      2.74%     85.01% |          23      3.00%     88.01% |          20      2.61%     90.61% |          23      3.00%     93.61% |          25      3.26%     96.87% |          24      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total          767                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |        9951      3.64%      3.64% |        8540      3.12%      6.77% |        8600      3.15%      9.91% |        8502      3.11%     13.02% |        8492      3.11%     16.13% |        8498      3.11%     19.24% |        8485      3.10%     22.34% |        8482      3.10%     25.45% |        8515      3.12%     28.56% |        8558      3.13%     31.69% |        8568      3.13%     34.83% |        8499      3.11%     37.94% |        8525      3.12%     41.06% |        8553      3.13%     44.19% |        8544      3.13%     47.31% |        8484      3.10%     50.42% |        8537      3.12%     53.54% |        8493      3.11%     56.65% |        8490      3.11%     59.75% |        8478      3.10%     62.85% |        8470      3.10%     65.95% |        8522      3.12%     69.07% |        8474      3.10%     72.17% |        8418      3.08%     75.25% |        8480      3.10%     78.35% |        8513      3.11%     81.47% |        8483      3.10%     84.57% |        8424      3.08%     87.65% |        8454      3.09%     90.75% |        8422      3.08%     93.83% |        8437      3.09%     96.92% |        8429      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       273320                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          36      4.63%      4.63% |          26      3.35%      7.98% |          24      3.09%     11.07% |          24      3.09%     14.16% |          24      3.09%     17.25% |          24      3.09%     20.33% |          24      3.09%     23.42% |          24      3.09%     26.51% |          24      3.09%     29.60% |          24      3.09%     32.69% |          23      2.96%     35.65% |          23      2.96%     38.61% |          23      2.96%     41.57% |          23      2.96%     44.53% |          23      2.96%     47.49% |          23      2.96%     50.45% |          23      2.96%     53.41% |          24      3.09%     56.50% |          24      3.09%     59.59% |          24      3.09%     62.68% |          24      3.09%     65.77% |          25      3.22%     68.98% |          24      3.09%     72.07% |          23      2.96%     75.03% |          24      3.09%     78.12% |          25      3.22%     81.34% |          25      3.22%     84.56% |          23      2.96%     87.52% |          23      2.96%     90.48% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          777                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          58     48.33%     48.33% |           5      4.17%     52.50% |           4      3.33%     55.83% |           3      2.50%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           3      2.50%     60.83% |           2      1.67%     62.50% |           3      2.50%     65.00% |           2      1.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      0.83%     67.50% |           0      0.00%     67.50% |           1      0.83%     68.33% |           1      0.83%     69.17% |           2      1.67%     70.83% |           1      0.83%     71.67% |           3      2.50%     74.17% |           3      2.50%     76.67% |           3      2.50%     79.17% |           1      0.83%     80.00% |           3      2.50%     82.50% |           2      1.67%     84.17% |           3      2.50%     86.67% |           3      2.50%     89.17% |           5      4.17%     93.33% |           3      2.50%     95.83% |           3      2.50%     98.33% |           2      1.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          120                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      6.67%      6.67% |           2      4.44%     11.11% |           2      4.44%     15.56% |           0      0.00%     15.56% |           2      4.44%     20.00% |           5     11.11%     31.11% |           0      0.00%     31.11% |           0      0.00%     31.11% |           3      6.67%     37.78% |           2      4.44%     42.22% |           1      2.22%     44.44% |           2      4.44%     48.89% |           1      2.22%     51.11% |           1      2.22%     53.33% |           2      4.44%     57.78% |           1      2.22%     60.00% |           1      2.22%     62.22% |           0      0.00%     62.22% |           1      2.22%     64.44% |           2      4.44%     68.89% |           2      4.44%     73.33% |           4      8.89%     82.22% |           1      2.22%     84.44% |           1      2.22%     86.67% |           1      2.22%     88.89% |           1      2.22%     91.11% |           1      2.22%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           3      6.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           45                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           4      2.02%      2.02% |           2      1.01%      3.03% |           6      3.03%      6.06% |           5      2.53%      8.59% |           7      3.54%     12.12% |           4      2.02%     14.14% |           5      2.53%     16.67% |           7      3.54%     20.20% |           8      4.04%     24.24% |           5      2.53%     26.77% |           5      2.53%     29.29% |           3      1.52%     30.81% |           6      3.03%     33.84% |           4      2.02%     35.86% |           5      2.53%     38.38% |           5      2.53%     40.91% |           5      2.53%     43.43% |           6      3.03%     46.46% |           5      2.53%     48.99% |           9      4.55%     53.54% |           9      4.55%     58.08% |          10      5.05%     63.13% |           8      4.04%     67.17% |          10      5.05%     72.22% |           7      3.54%     75.76% |           7      3.54%     79.29% |           7      3.54%     82.83% |           8      4.04%     86.87% |           8      4.04%     90.91% |           6      3.03%     93.94% |          10      5.05%     98.99% |           2      1.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          198                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          29      5.10%      5.10% |          19      3.34%      8.44% |          17      2.99%     11.42% |          16      2.81%     14.24% |          16      2.81%     17.05% |          23      4.04%     21.09% |          20      3.51%     24.60% |          16      2.81%     27.42% |          18      3.16%     30.58% |          16      2.81%     33.39% |          19      3.34%     36.73% |          18      3.16%     39.89% |          17      2.99%     42.88% |          20      3.51%     46.40% |          19      3.34%     49.74% |          18      3.16%     52.90% |          17      2.99%     55.89% |          17      2.99%     58.88% |          17      2.99%     61.86% |          19      3.34%     65.20% |          19      3.34%     68.54% |          25      4.39%     72.93% |          17      2.99%     75.92% |          15      2.64%     78.56% |          13      2.28%     80.84% |          14      2.46%     83.30% |          14      2.46%     85.76% |          15      2.64%     88.40% |          12      2.11%     90.51% |          17      2.99%     93.50% |          15      2.64%     96.13% |          22      3.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total          569                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |         398      3.14%      3.14% |         395      3.11%      6.25% |         344      2.71%      8.96% |         404      3.18%     12.14% |         404      3.18%     15.33% |         404      3.18%     18.51% |         405      3.19%     21.70% |         408      3.21%     24.92% |         405      3.19%     28.11% |         408      3.21%     31.32% |         302      2.38%     33.70% |         403      3.18%     36.88% |         407      3.21%     40.08% |         404      3.18%     43.27% |         406      3.20%     46.47% |         406      3.20%     49.67% |         403      3.18%     52.84% |         405      3.19%     56.03% |         402      3.17%     59.20% |         396      3.12%     62.32% |         396      3.12%     65.44% |         397      3.13%     68.57% |         398      3.14%     71.70% |         398      3.14%     74.84% |         401      3.16%     78.00% |         397      3.13%     81.13% |         403      3.18%     84.30% |         400      3.15%     87.46% |         396      3.12%     90.58% |         401      3.16%     93.74% |         399      3.14%     96.88% |         396      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total        12691                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         467      3.26%      3.26% |         433      3.03%      6.29% |         424      2.96%      9.25% |         431      3.01%     12.27% |         443      3.10%     15.36% |         440      3.08%     18.44% |         438      3.06%     21.50% |         442      3.09%     24.59% |         446      3.12%     27.71% |         454      3.17%     30.88% |         449      3.14%     34.02% |         455      3.18%     37.20% |         473      3.31%     40.50% |         473      3.31%     43.81% |         476      3.33%     47.14% |         464      3.24%     50.38% |         467      3.26%     53.65% |         454      3.17%     56.82% |         449      3.14%     59.96% |         425      2.97%     62.93% |         418      2.92%     65.85% |         440      3.08%     68.92% |         431      3.01%     71.94% |         430      3.01%     74.94% |         460      3.22%     78.16% |         463      3.24%     81.39% |         472      3.30%     84.69% |         440      3.08%     87.77% |         438      3.06%     90.83% |         437      3.05%     93.88% |         447      3.12%     97.01% |         428      2.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        14307                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          64     32.16%     32.16% |           1      0.50%     32.66% |           0      0.00%     32.66% |           0      0.00%     32.66% |           2      1.01%     33.67% |           3      1.51%     35.18% |           1      0.50%     35.68% |           2      1.01%     36.68% |         110     55.28%     91.96% |           1      0.50%     92.46% |           2      1.01%     93.47% |           2      1.01%     94.47% |           2      1.01%     95.48% |           2      1.01%     96.48% |           2      1.01%     97.49% |           1      0.50%     97.99% |           1      0.50%     98.49% |           1      0.50%     98.99% |           1      0.50%     99.50% |           0      0.00%     99.50% |           0      0.00%     99.50% |           0      0.00%     99.50% |           0      0.00%     99.50% |           0      0.00%     99.50% |           0      0.00%     99.50% |           0      0.00%     99.50% |           0      0.00%     99.50% |           1      0.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total          199                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      1.54%      1.54% |           2      3.08%      4.62% |          11     16.92%     21.54% |           1      1.54%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           3      4.62%     27.69% |           3      4.62%     32.31% |           3      4.62%     36.92% |           1      1.54%     38.46% |           3      4.62%     43.08% |          18     27.69%     70.77% |           1      1.54%     72.31% |           2      3.08%     75.38% |           2      3.08%     78.46% |           3      4.62%     83.08% |           2      3.08%     86.15% |           2      3.08%     89.23% |           1      1.54%     90.77% |           1      1.54%     92.31% |           1      1.54%     93.85% |           1      1.54%     95.38% |           1      1.54%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           1      1.54%     98.46% |           1      1.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           65                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |          48      2.64%      2.64% |          53      2.92%      5.56% |          62      3.41%      8.98% |          56      3.08%     12.06% |          47      2.59%     14.65% |          54      2.97%     17.62% |          57      3.14%     20.76% |          60      3.30%     24.06% |          52      2.86%     26.93% |          66      3.63%     30.56% |          59      3.25%     33.81% |          54      2.97%     36.78% |          62      3.41%     40.20% |          56      3.08%     43.28% |          51      2.81%     46.09% |          53      2.92%     49.01% |          62      3.41%     52.42% |          65      3.58%     56.00% |          57      3.14%     59.14% |          67      3.69%     62.83% |          57      3.14%     65.97% |          75      4.13%     70.10% |          45      2.48%     72.58% |          62      3.41%     75.99% |          70      3.85%     79.85% |          58      3.19%     83.04% |          62      3.41%     86.45% |          61      3.36%     89.81% |          51      2.81%     92.62% |          48      2.64%     95.26% |          46      2.53%     97.80% |          40      2.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total         1816                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |        5243      4.16%      4.16% |        3965      3.15%      7.31% |        4009      3.18%     10.49% |        3921      3.11%     13.60% |        3926      3.12%     16.72% |        3910      3.10%     19.82% |        3911      3.10%     22.93% |        3902      3.10%     26.02% |        3918      3.11%     29.13% |        3932      3.12%     32.26% |        3958      3.14%     35.40% |        3877      3.08%     38.47% |        3884      3.08%     41.56% |        3917      3.11%     44.67% |        3917      3.11%     47.78% |        3879      3.08%     50.85% |        3903      3.10%     53.95% |        3871      3.07%     57.03% |        3883      3.08%     60.11% |        3881      3.08%     63.19% |        3892      3.09%     66.28% |        3884      3.08%     69.36% |        3907      3.10%     72.46% |        3839      3.05%     75.51% |        3860      3.06%     78.57% |        3890      3.09%     81.66% |        3848      3.05%     84.71% |        3830      3.04%     87.75% |        3866      3.07%     90.82% |        3843      3.05%     93.87% |        3839      3.05%     96.92% |        3879      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       125984                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           1     16.67%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     16.67%     50.00% |           1     16.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     16.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         458      3.19%      3.19% |         427      2.97%      6.16% |         441      3.07%      9.24% |         430      3.00%     12.23% |         431      3.00%     15.23% |         436      3.04%     18.27% |         437      3.04%     21.32% |         445      3.10%     24.41% |         441      3.07%     27.49% |         467      3.25%     30.74% |         465      3.24%     33.98% |         452      3.15%     37.13% |         479      3.34%     40.46% |         474      3.30%     43.77% |         471      3.28%     47.05% |         462      3.22%     50.26% |         475      3.31%     53.57% |         465      3.24%     56.81% |         448      3.12%     59.93% |         439      3.06%     62.99% |         421      2.93%     65.92% |         464      3.23%     69.16% |         418      2.91%     72.07% |         434      3.02%     75.09% |         469      3.27%     78.36% |         464      3.23%     81.59% |         476      3.32%     84.91% |         447      3.11%     88.02% |         439      3.06%     91.08% |         430      3.00%     94.07% |         439      3.06%     97.13% |         412      2.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        14356                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        5274      3.18%      3.18% |        5172      3.12%      6.30% |        5174      3.12%      9.42% |        5175      3.12%     12.55% |        5159      3.11%     15.66% |        5176      3.12%     18.78% |        5161      3.11%     21.90% |        5159      3.11%     25.01% |        5180      3.13%     28.13% |        5183      3.13%     31.26% |        5169      3.12%     34.38% |        5194      3.13%     37.51% |        5186      3.13%     40.64% |        5186      3.13%     43.77% |        5180      3.13%     46.90% |        5167      3.12%     50.01% |        5183      3.13%     53.14% |        5181      3.13%     56.27% |        5183      3.13%     59.39% |        5182      3.13%     62.52% |        5181      3.13%     65.64% |        5198      3.14%     68.78% |        5173      3.12%     71.90% |        5169      3.12%     75.02% |        5175      3.12%     78.14% |        5183      3.13%     81.27% |        5183      3.13%     84.40% |        5171      3.12%     87.52% |        5173      3.12%     90.64% |        5173      3.12%     93.76% |        5183      3.13%     96.89% |        5162      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       165748                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS |          55      2.63%      2.63% |          63      3.01%      5.64% |          53      2.53%      8.17% |          56      2.67%     10.84% |          52      2.48%     13.32% |          55      2.63%     15.95% |          46      2.20%     18.15% |          70      3.34%     21.49% |          63      3.01%     24.50% |          61      2.91%     27.41% |          63      3.01%     30.42% |          68      3.25%     33.67% |          63      3.01%     36.68% |          67      3.20%     39.88% |          70      3.34%     43.22% |          73      3.49%     46.70% |          55      2.63%     49.33% |          64      3.06%     52.39% |          70      3.34%     55.73% |          82      3.92%     59.65% |          62      2.96%     62.61% |          65      3.10%     65.71% |          65      3.10%     68.82% |          77      3.68%     72.49% |          74      3.53%     76.03% |          62      2.96%     78.99% |          85      4.06%     83.05% |          86      4.11%     87.15% |          73      3.49%     90.64% |          67      3.20%     93.84% |          64      3.06%     96.90% |          65      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS::total         2094                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX |          73      2.16%      2.16% |          82      2.43%      4.59% |          67      1.98%      6.58% |          89      2.64%      9.21% |          83      2.46%     11.67% |          95      2.81%     14.48% |          76      2.25%     16.74% |          95      2.81%     19.55% |          92      2.73%     22.27% |          78      2.31%     24.59% |         101      2.99%     27.58% |         108      3.20%     30.78% |         131      3.88%     34.66% |         121      3.58%     38.24% |         108      3.20%     41.44% |         101      2.99%     44.43% |          96      2.84%     47.27% |         102      3.02%     50.30% |         137      4.06%     54.35% |         134      3.97%     58.32% |         106      3.14%     61.46% |         107      3.17%     64.63% |         129      3.82%     68.45% |         153      4.53%     72.99% |         148      4.38%     77.37% |         131      3.88%     81.25% |         133      3.94%     85.19% |         132      3.91%     89.10% |          75      2.22%     91.32% |          99      2.93%     94.25% |          87      2.58%     96.83% |         107      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX::total         3376                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE |         122      2.81%      2.81% |         101      2.33%      5.14% |         130      3.00%      8.14% |         110      2.54%     10.68% |         107      2.47%     13.15% |         119      2.74%     15.89% |         104      2.40%     18.29% |         142      3.27%     21.56% |         115      2.65%     24.22% |         107      2.47%     26.68% |         119      2.74%     29.43% |         124      2.86%     32.29% |         122      2.81%     35.10% |         139      3.21%     38.31% |         140      3.23%     41.54% |         142      3.27%     44.81% |         142      3.27%     48.09% |         124      2.86%     50.95% |         168      3.87%     54.82% |         191      4.40%     59.23% |         146      3.37%     62.59% |         137      3.16%     65.75% |         147      3.39%     69.14% |         162      3.74%     72.88% |         155      3.57%     76.45% |         166      3.83%     80.28% |         190      4.38%     84.66% |         202      4.66%     89.32% |         110      2.54%     91.86% |         113      2.61%     94.46% |         123      2.84%     97.30% |         117      2.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE::total         4336                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_PUTX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |        7416      3.18%      3.18% |        7207      3.09%      6.28% |        7264      3.12%      9.40% |        7202      3.09%     12.49% |        7480      3.21%     15.70% |        7248      3.11%     18.81% |        7251      3.11%     21.92% |        7266      3.12%     25.04% |        7416      3.18%     28.22% |        7270      3.12%     31.35% |        7238      3.11%     34.45% |        7245      3.11%     37.56% |        7372      3.16%     40.73% |        7248      3.11%     43.84% |        7270      3.12%     46.96% |        7221      3.10%     50.06% |        7419      3.18%     53.24% |        7226      3.10%     56.35% |        7267      3.12%     59.47% |        7169      3.08%     62.54% |        7406      3.18%     65.72% |        7194      3.09%     68.81% |        7244      3.11%     71.92% |        7262      3.12%     75.04% |        7339      3.15%     78.19% |        7238      3.11%     81.30% |        7204      3.09%     84.39% |        7210      3.10%     87.48% |        7403      3.18%     90.66% |        7255      3.11%     93.78% |        7261      3.12%     96.89% |        7240      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       232951                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |         149      2.88%      2.88% |         138      2.67%      5.55% |         133      2.57%      8.12% |         150      2.90%     11.01% |         145      2.80%     13.82% |         140      2.71%     16.52% |         136      2.63%     19.15% |         145      2.80%     21.95% |         153      2.96%     24.91% |         144      2.78%     27.69% |         165      3.19%     30.88% |         154      2.98%     33.86% |         149      2.88%     36.73% |         150      2.90%     39.63% |         169      3.27%     42.90% |         171      3.30%     46.20% |         170      3.29%     49.49% |         150      2.90%     52.39% |         174      3.36%     55.75% |         184      3.56%     59.30% |         160      3.09%     62.40% |         183      3.54%     65.93% |         171      3.30%     69.24% |         167      3.23%     72.46% |         198      3.83%     76.29% |         188      3.63%     79.92% |         187      3.61%     83.54% |         208      4.02%     87.56% |         134      2.59%     90.14% |         159      3.07%     93.22% |         187      3.61%     96.83% |         164      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total         5175                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX |          86      2.14%      2.14% |          93      2.32%      4.46% |         100      2.49%      6.95% |         105      2.62%      9.57% |          89      2.22%     11.79% |         112      2.79%     14.58% |          96      2.39%     16.97% |         124      3.09%     20.06% |         111      2.77%     22.83% |          94      2.34%     25.17% |         109      2.72%     27.88% |         145      3.61%     31.50% |         136      3.39%     34.89% |         133      3.31%     38.20% |         142      3.54%     41.74% |         139      3.46%     45.20% |         128      3.19%     48.39% |         111      2.77%     51.16% |         145      3.61%     54.77% |         164      4.09%     58.86% |         152      3.79%     62.65% |         143      3.56%     66.21% |         125      3.11%     69.32% |         146      3.64%     72.96% |         149      3.71%     76.68% |         161      4.01%     80.69% |         171      4.26%     84.95% |         159      3.96%     88.91% |          93      2.32%     91.23% |         123      3.07%     94.29% |         107      2.67%     96.96% |         122      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX::total         4013                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       51595      6.88%      6.88% |       23492      3.13%     10.02% |       22063      2.94%     12.96% |       23080      3.08%     16.04% |       22430      2.99%     19.03% |       21877      2.92%     21.95% |       21505      2.87%     24.82% |       21511      2.87%     27.69% |       21941      2.93%     30.61% |       22297      2.97%     33.59% |       24077      3.21%     36.80% |       24352      3.25%     40.05% |       22631      3.02%     43.07% |       22124      2.95%     46.02% |       21213      2.83%     48.85% |       21689      2.89%     51.74% |       22736      3.03%     54.78% |       22114      2.95%     57.73% |       22434      2.99%     60.72% |       22534      3.01%     63.72% |       22320      2.98%     66.70% |       24600      3.28%     69.98% |       22086      2.95%     72.93% |       21711      2.90%     75.83% |       22400      2.99%     78.81% |       22524      3.00%     81.82% |       22128      2.95%     84.77% |       22082      2.95%     87.72% |       22123      2.95%     90.67% |       21779      2.91%     93.57% |       22868      3.05%     96.62% |       25319      3.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       749635                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |          73      2.27%      2.27% |          63      1.96%      4.23% |          86      2.68%      6.91% |          91      2.83%      9.74% |          76      2.36%     12.10% |          82      2.55%     14.65% |          72      2.24%     16.89% |          88      2.74%     19.63% |         108      3.36%     22.99% |          80      2.49%     25.48% |          73      2.27%     27.75% |         111      3.45%     31.21% |         115      3.58%     34.79% |         112      3.48%     38.27% |         117      3.64%     41.91% |          98      3.05%     44.96% |         108      3.36%     48.32% |         109      3.39%     51.71% |         108      3.36%     55.07% |         122      3.80%     58.87% |         105      3.27%     62.13% |         115      3.58%     65.71% |         101      3.14%     68.86% |         134      4.17%     73.02% |         115      3.58%     76.60% |         120      3.73%     80.34% |         125      3.89%     84.23% |         158      4.92%     89.14% |          79      2.46%     91.60% |          77      2.40%     94.00% |          87      2.71%     96.70% |         106      3.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total         3214                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX |          34      1.85%      1.85% |          53      2.88%      4.73% |          45      2.45%      7.18% |          42      2.29%      9.47% |          45      2.45%     11.92% |          52      2.83%     14.74% |          50      2.72%     17.46% |          65      3.54%     21.00% |          59      3.21%     24.21% |          41      2.23%     26.44% |          49      2.67%     29.11% |          57      3.10%     32.21% |          45      2.45%     34.66% |          61      3.32%     37.98% |          61      3.32%     41.29% |          64      3.48%     44.78% |          75      4.08%     48.86% |          42      2.29%     51.14% |          68      3.70%     54.84% |          70      3.81%     58.65% |          57      3.10%     61.75% |          63      3.43%     65.18% |          57      3.10%     68.28% |          88      4.79%     73.07% |          75      4.08%     77.15% |          80      4.35%     81.50% |          67      3.65%     85.15% |          70      3.81%     88.96% |          63      3.43%     92.38% |          53      2.88%     95.27% |          39      2.12%     97.39% |          48      2.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX::total         1838                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_UPGRADE |          10      2.49%      2.49% |          14      3.48%      5.97% |          10      2.49%      8.46% |           9      2.24%     10.70% |          11      2.74%     13.43% |           6      1.49%     14.93% |          17      4.23%     19.15% |           9      2.24%     21.39% |          12      2.99%     24.38% |          10      2.49%     26.87% |          14      3.48%     30.35% |          19      4.73%     35.07% |           9      2.24%     37.31% |          13      3.23%     40.55% |          17      4.23%     44.78% |          17      4.23%     49.00% |          11      2.74%     51.74% |          13      3.23%     54.98% |          11      2.74%     57.71% |          14      3.48%     61.19% |          16      3.98%     65.17% |           6      1.49%     66.67% |          14      3.48%     70.15% |          13      3.23%     73.38% |          13      3.23%     76.62% |          20      4.98%     81.59% |           9      2.24%     83.83% |          15      3.73%     87.56% |          14      3.48%     91.04% |          13      3.23%     94.28% |           9      2.24%     96.52% |          14      3.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_UPGRADE::total          402                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           1     16.67%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     16.67%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     33.33%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |        6728      3.26%      3.26% |        6507      3.15%      6.41% |        6462      3.13%      9.54% |        6352      3.08%     12.62% |        6717      3.25%     15.87% |        6418      3.11%     18.98% |        6377      3.09%     22.06% |        6422      3.11%     25.18% |        6537      3.17%     28.34% |        6421      3.11%     31.45% |        6435      3.12%     34.57% |        6365      3.08%     37.65% |        6558      3.18%     40.83% |        6421      3.11%     43.94% |        6477      3.14%     47.07% |        6460      3.13%     50.20% |        6581      3.19%     53.39% |        6399      3.10%     56.49% |        6410      3.10%     59.59% |        6322      3.06%     62.65% |        6531      3.16%     65.82% |        6351      3.08%     68.89% |        6422      3.11%     72.00% |        6434      3.12%     75.12% |        6450      3.12%     78.24% |        6461      3.13%     81.37% |        6374      3.09%     84.46% |        6380      3.09%     87.55% |        6596      3.19%     90.74% |        6330      3.07%     93.81% |        6453      3.13%     96.93% |        6335      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total       206486                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |         657      3.21%      3.21% |         648      3.17%      6.39% |         636      3.11%      9.50% |         633      3.10%     12.59% |         670      3.28%     15.87% |         637      3.12%     18.99% |         641      3.14%     22.13% |         637      3.12%     25.24% |         634      3.10%     28.34% |         621      3.04%     31.38% |         641      3.14%     34.52% |         641      3.14%     37.66% |         637      3.12%     40.77% |         645      3.16%     43.93% |         647      3.17%     47.09% |         644      3.15%     50.24% |         632      3.09%     53.34% |         614      3.00%     56.34% |         635      3.11%     59.45% |         622      3.04%     62.49% |         648      3.17%     65.66% |         621      3.04%     68.70% |         654      3.20%     71.90% |         629      3.08%     74.98% |         626      3.06%     78.04% |         637      3.12%     81.16% |         622      3.04%     84.20% |         640      3.13%     87.33% |         659      3.22%     90.56% |         643      3.15%     93.70% |         653      3.20%     96.90% |         634      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total        20438                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          39      0.64%      0.64% |          54      0.89%      1.53% |         159      2.62%      4.15% |         218      3.59%      7.75% |         105      1.73%      9.48% |         196      3.23%     12.71% |         237      3.91%     16.61% |         209      3.44%     20.06% |         253      4.17%     24.23% |         221      3.64%     27.87% |         165      2.72%     30.59% |         245      4.04%     34.63% |         173      2.85%     37.48% |         187      3.08%     40.56% |         153      2.52%     43.09% |         125      2.06%     45.15% |         204      3.36%     48.51% |         207      3.41%     51.92% |         214      3.53%     55.45% |         214      3.53%     58.97% |         228      3.76%     62.73% |         205      3.38%     66.11% |         181      2.98%     69.10% |         195      3.21%     72.31% |         250      4.12%     76.43% |         140      2.31%     78.74% |         203      3.35%     82.08% |         187      3.08%     85.17% |         152      2.51%     87.67% |         292      4.81%     92.48% |         167      2.75%     95.24% |         289      4.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total         6067                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_UPGRADE |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     12.50%     12.50% |           1      6.25%     18.75% |           0      0.00%     18.75% |           0      0.00%     18.75% |           0      0.00%     18.75% |           0      0.00%     18.75% |           2     12.50%     31.25% |           0      0.00%     31.25% |           0      0.00%     31.25% |           0      0.00%     31.25% |           0      0.00%     31.25% |           0      0.00%     31.25% |           1      6.25%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           2     12.50%     56.25% |           0      0.00%     56.25% |           1      6.25%     62.50% |           1      6.25%     68.75% |           1      6.25%     75.00% |           2     12.50%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_UPGRADE::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |          36      0.63%      0.63% |          52      0.91%      1.54% |         153      2.68%      4.22% |         202      3.53%      7.75% |         101      1.77%      9.52% |         180      3.15%     12.67% |         229      4.01%     16.68% |         204      3.57%     20.24% |         234      4.09%     24.34% |         206      3.60%     27.94% |         158      2.76%     30.71% |         229      4.01%     34.72% |         160      2.80%     37.52% |         175      3.06%     40.58% |         145      2.54%     43.11% |         119      2.08%     45.20% |         192      3.36%     48.56% |         193      3.38%     51.93% |         199      3.48%     55.42% |         196      3.43%     58.85% |         217      3.80%     62.64% |         195      3.41%     66.05% |         171      2.99%     69.05% |         186      3.25%     72.30% |         241      4.22%     76.52% |         132      2.31%     78.83% |         190      3.32%     82.15% |         180      3.15%     85.30% |         147      2.57%     87.87% |         270      4.72%     92.60% |         162      2.83%     95.43% |         261      4.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total         5715                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |           3      0.85%      0.85% |           2      0.57%      1.42% |           6      1.70%      3.12% |          16      4.55%      7.67% |           4      1.14%      8.81% |          16      4.55%     13.35% |           8      2.27%     15.63% |           5      1.42%     17.05% |          19      5.40%     22.44% |          15      4.26%     26.70% |           7      1.99%     28.69% |          16      4.55%     33.24% |          13      3.69%     36.93% |          12      3.41%     40.34% |           8      2.27%     42.61% |           6      1.70%     44.32% |          12      3.41%     47.73% |          14      3.98%     51.70% |          15      4.26%     55.97% |          18      5.11%     61.08% |          11      3.12%     64.20% |          10      2.84%     67.05% |          10      2.84%     69.89% |           9      2.56%     72.44% |           9      2.56%     75.00% |           8      2.27%     77.27% |          13      3.69%     80.97% |           7      1.99%     82.95% |           5      1.42%     84.38% |          22      6.25%     90.62% |           5      1.42%     92.05% |          28      7.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total          352                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |          25      2.70%      2.70% |          28      3.02%      5.72% |          28      3.02%      8.75% |          28      3.02%     11.77% |          30      3.24%     15.01% |          32      3.46%     18.47% |          30      3.24%     21.71% |          33      3.56%     25.27% |          31      3.35%     28.62% |          32      3.46%     32.07% |          21      2.27%     34.34% |          26      2.81%     37.15% |          23      2.48%     39.63% |          31      3.35%     42.98% |          23      2.48%     45.46% |          29      3.13%     48.60% |          23      2.48%     51.08% |          26      2.81%     53.89% |          37      4.00%     57.88% |          24      2.59%     60.48% |          29      3.13%     63.61% |          31      3.35%     66.95% |          25      2.70%     69.65% |          25      2.70%     72.35% |          37      4.00%     76.35% |          31      3.35%     79.70% |          31      3.35%     83.05% |          34      3.67%     86.72% |          28      3.02%     89.74% |          31      3.35%     93.09% |          36      3.89%     96.98% |          28      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total          926                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETX |          18      3.45%      3.45% |          12      2.30%      5.75% |          14      2.68%      8.43% |          12      2.30%     10.73% |          17      3.26%     13.98% |          22      4.21%     18.20% |          18      3.45%     21.65% |          15      2.87%     24.52% |          12      2.30%     26.82% |          18      3.45%     30.27% |          19      3.64%     33.91% |          15      2.87%     36.78% |          12      2.30%     39.08% |          18      3.45%     42.53% |          16      3.07%     45.59% |          17      3.26%     48.85% |          11      2.11%     50.96% |          15      2.87%     53.83% |          15      2.87%     56.70% |          23      4.41%     61.11% |          15      2.87%     63.98% |          15      2.87%     66.86% |          21      4.02%     70.88% |          13      2.49%     73.37% |          16      3.07%     76.44% |          15      2.87%     79.31% |          15      2.87%     82.18% |          21      4.02%     86.21% |          15      2.87%     89.08% |          16      3.07%     92.15% |          23      4.41%     96.55% |          18      3.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETX::total          522                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_UPGRADE |           6      2.24%      2.24% |          10      3.73%      5.97% |          18      6.72%     12.69% |          14      5.22%     17.91% |           4      1.49%     19.40% |           6      2.24%     21.64% |          11      4.10%     25.75% |           5      1.87%     27.61% |           6      2.24%     29.85% |           6      2.24%     32.09% |           9      3.36%     35.45% |          10      3.73%     39.18% |          12      4.48%     43.66% |          12      4.48%     48.13% |           5      1.87%     50.00% |           6      2.24%     52.24% |          10      3.73%     55.97% |           7      2.61%     58.58% |           5      1.87%     60.45% |          10      3.73%     64.18% |           7      2.61%     66.79% |          10      3.73%     70.52% |           7      2.61%     73.13% |           6      2.24%     75.37% |          11      4.10%     79.48% |           6      2.24%     81.72% |           7      2.61%     84.33% |          12      4.48%     88.81% |           5      1.87%     90.67% |           6      2.24%     92.91% |           7      2.61%     95.52% |          12      4.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_UPGRADE::total          268                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        7385      3.25%      3.25% |        7155      3.15%      6.41% |        7098      3.13%      9.54% |        6985      3.08%     12.61% |        7387      3.26%     15.87% |        7055      3.11%     18.98% |        7018      3.09%     22.07% |        7059      3.11%     25.18% |        7171      3.16%     28.34% |        7042      3.10%     31.44% |        7076      3.12%     34.56% |        7006      3.09%     37.65% |        7195      3.17%     40.82% |        7066      3.11%     43.93% |        7124      3.14%     47.07% |        7104      3.13%     50.20% |        7213      3.18%     53.38% |        7013      3.09%     56.47% |        7045      3.10%     59.58% |        6944      3.06%     62.64% |        7179      3.16%     65.80% |        6972      3.07%     68.87% |        7076      3.12%     71.99% |        7063      3.11%     75.10% |        7076      3.12%     78.22% |        7098      3.13%     81.35% |        6996      3.08%     84.43% |        7020      3.09%     87.53% |        7255      3.20%     90.72% |        6973      3.07%     93.80% |        7106      3.13%     96.93% |        6969      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total       226924                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      328367     18.17%     18.17% |      903351     50.00%     68.17% |       71793      3.97%     72.15% |       77989      4.32%     76.47% |       72004      3.99%     80.45% |       77274      4.28%     84.73% |       73069      4.04%     88.77% |       76907      4.26%     93.03% |       60432      3.34%     96.37% |       65516      3.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      1806702                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      328367     18.17%     18.17% |      903351     50.00%     68.17% |       71793      3.97%     72.15% |       77989      4.32%     76.47% |       72004      3.99%     80.45% |       77274      4.28%     84.73% |       73069      4.04%     88.77% |       76907      4.26%     93.03% |       60432      3.34%     96.37% |       65516      3.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      1806702                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      328367     18.17%     18.17% |      903351     50.00%     68.17% |       71793      3.97%     72.15% |       77989      4.32%     76.47% |       72004      3.99%     80.45% |       77274      4.28%     84.73% |       73069      4.04%     88.77% |       76907      4.26%     93.03% |       60432      3.34%     96.37% |       65516      3.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      1806702                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      328367     18.17%     18.17% |      903351     50.00%     68.17% |       71793      3.97%     72.15% |       77989      4.32%     76.47% |       72004      3.99%     80.45% |       77274      4.28%     84.73% |       73069      4.04%     88.77% |       76907      4.26%     93.03% |       60432      3.34%     96.37% |       65516      3.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      1806702                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
