
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.119622                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                119622327500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5295790406000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  44397                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    78630                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               97259796                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                6277900                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1229.93                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    54605387                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      96708660                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     42334720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          42334720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     19965696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       19965696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       661480                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             661480                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       311964                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            311964                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    353903162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            353903162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    166906099                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           166906099                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    520809261                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           520809261                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     661480                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    311964                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   661480                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  311964                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              42315008                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  19712                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               19965504                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               42334720                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            19965696                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   308                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            41210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            41549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            41008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            41628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            41148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            41153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            42116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            41546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            40844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            41269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           40968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           41709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           41053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           41038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           41559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           41374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            19410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            19581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            19475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            19632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            19498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            19375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            19709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            19666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            19348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            19628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           19371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           19549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           19432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           19289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           19592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           19406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                    61324                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                    11857                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 119621827500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               661480                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              311964                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 177895                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  23337                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  22256                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  22696                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                  23116                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                  23222                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                  22841                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                  22698                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                  21372                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                  20172                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                 19272                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                 17841                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                 16628                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                 15222                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                 14309                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                 13195                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                 12191                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                 11250                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                 10492                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  9796                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  9126                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  8596                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  7958                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  7610                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                  7074                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                  6501                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                  6090                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                  5743                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                  5431                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  5278                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  5155                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                 66809                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  44932                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  50183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  53071                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  54091                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  54461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                  17233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                  16091                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                  21902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       314628                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   197.947443                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   151.645086                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   149.876933                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       105131     33.41%     33.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        97364     30.95%     64.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        73505     23.36%     87.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        19272      6.13%     93.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        14185      4.51%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2702      0.86%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1286      0.41%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          771      0.25%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          412      0.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       314628                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        46806                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.125689                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    29.614109                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        46535     99.42%     99.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          211      0.45%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           43      0.09%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            8      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            5      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            3      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        46806                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        46806                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.664979                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.160008                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.149440                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          36256     77.46%     77.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          5373     11.48%     88.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         2866      6.12%     95.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2311      4.94%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        46806                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 74334583369                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            86731558369                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                3305860000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                   112428.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              131178.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      353.74                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      166.90                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   353.90                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   166.91                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        4.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    2.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.75                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      3.04                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  487813                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 170686                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                73.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               54.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    122885.17                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   67.67                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20225621250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     3994380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    95400536250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0             1197042840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1             1181522160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              653148375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              644679750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            2584576800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            2572486800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0           1013096160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1           1008378720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         7813007280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         7813007280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        49304099115                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        48830048640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        28523041500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        28938875250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          91088012070                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          90988998600                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          761.475449                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          760.647718                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     41847232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          41847232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     19433920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       19433920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       653863                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             653863                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       303655                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            303655                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    349827937                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            349827937                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    162460641                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           162460641                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    512288578                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           512288578                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     653863                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    303655                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   653863                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  303655                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              41826816                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  20416                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               19433728                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               41847232                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            19433920                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   319                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            40691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            40884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            40637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            40870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            41082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            40693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            41962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            40971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            40366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            40650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           40477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           40983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           40874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           40508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           41109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           40787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            18912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            19053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            18961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            18965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            19033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            18944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            19188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            19180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            18832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            19101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           18841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           18907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           18957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           18815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           19003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           18960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                    59994                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                    11931                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 119621575500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               653863                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              303655                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 170888                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  22060                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  22436                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  22822                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                  23188                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                  23184                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                  23084                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                  22547                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                  21500                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                  20741                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                 19597                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                 18083                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                 16841                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                 15684                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                 14524                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                 13607                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                 12320                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                 11380                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                 10741                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  9772                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  9039                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  8316                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  7723                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  7292                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                  6882                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                  6509                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  6171                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  5777                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  5421                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  5190                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  5091                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                 65134                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  43311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  48624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  51533                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  52502                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  52641                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                  17267                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                  16090                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                  21687                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       301146                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   203.421756                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   155.706107                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   152.268595                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        98256     32.63%     32.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        90218     29.96%     62.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        73672     24.46%     87.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        19399      6.44%     93.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        14292      4.75%     98.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2739      0.91%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1328      0.44%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          831      0.28%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          411      0.14%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       301146                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        45205                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.457206                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    27.848273                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        44935     99.40%     99.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          212      0.47%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           37      0.08%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           10      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            7      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        45205                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        45205                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.717222                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.197734                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.194919                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          34661     76.68%     76.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          5374     11.89%     88.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         2817      6.23%     94.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2353      5.21%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        45205                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 73368029569                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            85621979569                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                3267720000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                   112261.81                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              131011.81                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      349.66                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      162.46                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   349.83                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   162.46                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        4.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    2.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.75                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      3.03                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  485754                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 170289                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                74.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               56.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    124928.80                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   68.54                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20725834500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     3994380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    94900423000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0             1147570200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1             1129070880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              626154375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              616060500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            2556730800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            2540803200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            986476320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            981156240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         7813007280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         7813007280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        48087515340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        47859765570                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        29590220250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        29790000750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          90807674565                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          90729864420                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          759.131890                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          758.481415                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     41787968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          41787968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     19421312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       19421312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       652937                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             652937                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       303458                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            303458                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    349332511                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            349332511                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    162355243                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           162355243                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    511687753                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           511687753                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     652937                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    303458                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   652937                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  303458                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              41772032                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  15936                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               19421184                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               41787968                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            19421312                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   249                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            40751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            40807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            40681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            40666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            40874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            40765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            41774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            40957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            40395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            40607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           40545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           40825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           40609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           40555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           41157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           40720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            18961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            18984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            19035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            18890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            18950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            18920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            19160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            19148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            18900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            19083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           18955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           18859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           18870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           18827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           19017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           18897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                    60072                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                    11819                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 119622284500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               652937                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              303458                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 171111                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  22134                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  22588                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                  23094                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                  23715                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                  23659                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                  23464                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                  22410                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                  21530                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                  20386                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                 19096                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                 17900                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                 16949                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                 15856                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                 14595                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                 13109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                 12006                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                 11111                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                 10459                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  9495                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  8736                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  8075                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  7506                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  7052                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                  6631                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  6420                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  6164                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  5810                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  5651                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  5331                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  5273                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                 65372                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  43394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  48761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  51323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  52673                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  52680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                  17176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                  15771                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                  21680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       300569                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   203.589326                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   156.004058                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   152.042160                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        97425     32.41%     32.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        90294     30.04%     62.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        74051     24.64%     87.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511        19237      6.40%     93.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639        14222      4.73%     98.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2813      0.94%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1302      0.43%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          823      0.27%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          402      0.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       300569                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        45192                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.442468                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    27.807284                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        44940     99.44%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          191      0.42%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           40      0.09%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           12      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            5      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        45192                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        45192                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.714817                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.199665                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.175471                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          34608     76.58%     76.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          5499     12.17%     88.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         2826      6.25%     95.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2259      5.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        45192                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 73139926217                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            85377826217                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                3263440000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                   112059.55                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              130809.55                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      349.20                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      162.35                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   349.33                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   162.36                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        4.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    2.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.74                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      3.03                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  485208                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 170361                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                74.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               56.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    125076.23                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   68.56                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20838770500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     3994380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    94787282000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0             1144969560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1             1127301840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              624735375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              615095250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            2552721600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            2538182400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            985251600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            981110880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         7813007280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         7813007280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        48335837265                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        47824506225                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        29372394000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        29820930000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          90828916680                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          90720133875                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          759.309469                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          758.400069                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     41741312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          41741312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     19417088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       19417088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       652208                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             652208                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       303392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            303392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    348942483                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            348942483                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    162319931                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           162319931                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    511262415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           511262415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     652209                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    303392                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   652209                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  303392                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              41725056                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  16320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               19416832                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               41741376                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            19417088                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   255                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            40621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            40930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            40550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            40745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            40384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            40836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            41590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            41142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            40159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            40628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           40600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           40846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           40277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           40625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           41074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           40947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            18944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            19024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            19035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            19023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            18804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            18974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            19125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            19147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            18810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            19101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           18914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           18953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           18747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           18848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           19031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           18908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                    57665                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                    11286                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 119621580500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               652209                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              303392                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 170767                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  22422                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  22836                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                  23565                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                  23780                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                  23853                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                  23486                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                  22748                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                  21503                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                  20392                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                 19050                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                 17756                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                 16787                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                 15601                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                 14318                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                 12915                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                 11893                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                 11255                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                 10537                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  9781                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  8957                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  8357                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  7825                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  7424                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  6927                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  6435                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  6067                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  5821                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                  5560                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                  5325                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  5151                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                 62860                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  43352                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  48814                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  51482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  52569                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  52701                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                  17149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                  16025                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                  21300                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       300292                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   203.605984                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   155.848450                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   152.409989                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        97848     32.58%     32.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        89783     29.90%     62.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        73628     24.52%     87.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        19403      6.46%     93.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639        14300      4.76%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2719      0.91%     99.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1351      0.45%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          846      0.28%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          414      0.14%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       300292                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        45180                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.429748                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    28.324015                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        44928     99.44%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          188      0.42%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           41      0.09%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           13      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        45180                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        45180                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.715095                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.198305                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.181443                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          34594     76.57%     76.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          5488     12.15%     88.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         2812      6.22%     94.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2286      5.06%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        45180                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 72840139821                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            85064277321                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                3259770000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                   111725.89                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              130475.89                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      348.81                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      162.32                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   348.94                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   162.32                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        3.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    2.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.74                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      3.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  484252                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 170795                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                74.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               56.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    125179.42                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   68.57                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20277923000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     3994380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    95348550000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0             1143155160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1             1127052360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              623745375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              614959125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            2549001000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            2536162200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            985452480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            980501760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         7813007280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         7813007280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        48067887105                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        47607663690                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        29607438000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        30011142750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          90789686400                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          90690489165                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          758.981513                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          758.152246                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1253                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1253                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1477                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1477                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               252                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              252                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          504                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          504                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          564                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5964                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          924                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4518                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5526                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               203500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              573000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              541108                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              133108                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1991500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          378                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1548288                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          378                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               27073162                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 49.717135                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                31.801916                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                84.452466                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    25447089     93.99%     93.99% |      722455      2.67%     96.66% |      364202      1.35%     98.01% |      249893      0.92%     98.93% |      181799      0.67%     99.60% |       88983      0.33%     99.93% |       17107      0.06%     99.99% |        1573      0.01%    100.00% |          58      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 27073162                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     39493203                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       3.164404                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.844179                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      5.559913                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    34912402     88.40%     88.40% |     1479836      3.75%     92.15% |      485683      1.23%     93.38% |      592016      1.50%     94.88% |      426711      1.08%     95.96% |      385034      0.97%     96.93% |      404883      1.03%     97.96% |      474600      1.20%     99.16% |      332038      0.84%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      39493203                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            39493201                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              49.715192                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.991663                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            191.734109                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    39117442     99.05%     99.05% |      338998      0.86%     99.91% |       32477      0.08%     99.99% |        3701      0.01%    100.00% |         485      0.00%    100.00% |          73      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              39493201                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        35012268                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000327                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000273                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.020672                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    35002326     99.97%     99.97% |        8653      0.02%    100.00% |        1079      0.00%    100.00% |         196      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          35012268                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        4480933                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        414.726981                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       266.509810                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       416.798079                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     4105174     91.61%     91.61% |      338998      7.57%     99.18% |       32477      0.72%     99.90% |        3701      0.08%     99.99% |         485      0.01%    100.00% |          73      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          4480933                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    96468992                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    8388608                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         725404                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       725404                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          279                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          271                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles          290                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          264                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     24679580                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       897784                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     25577364                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits     10324343                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       126411                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses     10450754                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load      1037838                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        37897                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       375479                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2034814                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        63958                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           34                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           34                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          894                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       432238                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       433132                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles       165590                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1087                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses       432045                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       433132                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles       163120                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          907                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses       423198                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       424105                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles       161861                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          928                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses       414151                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       415079                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles       156705                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1161                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses       440996                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       442157                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles       168917                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1507                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses       458698                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       460205                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles       176573                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          870                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses       432264                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       433134                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles       168905                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          991                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses       423116                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       424107                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles       162840                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       134802                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        92602                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       227404                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        53320                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        83743                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses       137063                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        54018                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        83823                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses       137841                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        53063                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        83567                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses       136630                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        51610                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        83729                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses       135339                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        52782                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        83678                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses       136460                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        50865                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        83783                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses       134648                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        50960                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        83784                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses       134744                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        52348                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        83778                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses       136126                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        52171                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        83910                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses       136081                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        52113                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        83700                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses       135813                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        52351                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        83363                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses       135714                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        51830                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        83607                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses       135437                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        52144                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        83476                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses       135620                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        66940                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        83851                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses       150791                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        60693                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        83514                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses       144207                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        51435                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        83509                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses       134944                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        52040                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        83629                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses       135669                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        52200                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        83847                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses       136047                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        51633                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        83468                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses       135101                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        53174                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        83243                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses       136417                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        53604                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        83342                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses       136946                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        53780                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        83550                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses       137330                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        54478                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        83148                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses       137626                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        57186                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        83556                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses       140742                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        63580                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        83674                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses       147254                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        52460                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        83205                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses       135665                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        52488                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        83241                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses       135729                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        51800                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        83379                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses       135179                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        50697                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        83556                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses       134253                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        51241                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        83701                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses       134942                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        53281                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        83892                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses       137173                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          111                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     25256021                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     25256021                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     26320176                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     25256021                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity     12108857                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity     11989589                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     25256021                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.105566                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads     17228629                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes     17228629                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity     18558504                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity     17228629                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      9432189                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      9289369                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity     17228629                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.072013                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads     15386241                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes     15386241                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity     16706053                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity     15386241                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7126080                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6982593                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity     15386241                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.064312                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads     14413872                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes     14413872                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15725036                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14413872                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6769070                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6649660                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity     14413872                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.060247                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads     14952046                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes     14952046                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity     16267600                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14952046                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7935449                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7685898                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity     14952046                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.062497                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads     14191477                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes     14191477                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15475701                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14191477                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7263148                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7157741                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity     14191477                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.059318                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads     16862822                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes     16862822                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity     18524316                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity     16862822                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7313657                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7162866                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity     16862822                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.070484                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads     14909474                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes     14909474                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity     16639513                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14909474                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6763617                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6623067                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity     14909473                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.062319                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads     10423365                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes     10423365                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity     11146595                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10423365                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4935663                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4865573                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity     10423365                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.043568                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads     11971355                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes     11971355                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity     13034885                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity     11971355                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5881987                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5768023                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity     11971355                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.050038                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      8398871                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      8398871                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8924415                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8398871                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3647780                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3571615                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      8398871                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.035106                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      6458395                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      6458395                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6561440                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6458395                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2908720                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2903939                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      6458395                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.026995                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      7002451                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      7002451                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7150479                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7002451                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3416011                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3409563                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      7002451                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.029269                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      6590000                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      6590000                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6706930                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6590000                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2965154                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2959484                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      6590000                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.027545                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      4251709                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      4251709                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4374133                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4251709                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1731865                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1721653                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      4251709                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.017771                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      5900355                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      5900355                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6106668                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5900355                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2456311                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2444899                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      5900355                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.024662                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      7076406                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      7076406                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7248967                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7076406                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2776680                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2767658                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      7076406                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.029578                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      6290845                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      6290845                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6460654                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6290845                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2523011                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2515157                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      6290845                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.026295                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      5751603                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      5751603                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5977900                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5751603                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2466640                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2454147                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      5751603                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.024041                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      3321142                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      3321142                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3472729                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3321142                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1420070                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1411494                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      3321142                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.013882                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      3244498                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      3244498                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3264146                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3244498                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1553481                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1552926                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      3244498                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.013561                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      3829817                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      3829817                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3861998                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3829817                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1998148                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1995085                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      3829817                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.016008                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      3625821                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      3625821                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3658650                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3625820                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1760544                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1759672                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      3625820                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.015155                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      2198349                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      2198349                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2198349                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2198349                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       980265                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       980265                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      2198349                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.009189                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      3197493                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      3197493                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3216118                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3197493                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1504221                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1503701                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      3197493                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.013365                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      3625552                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      3625552                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3657726                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3625552                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1886568                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1883536                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      3625552                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.015154                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      3532314                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      3532314                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3564605                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3532314                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1707593                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1706670                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      3532314                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.014764                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      2207906                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      2207906                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2207906                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2207906                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       983334                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       983334                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      2207906                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.009229                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads     14347035                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes     14347035                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15802987                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14347035                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6587874                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6526287                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity     14347035                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.059968                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads     13597336                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes     13597336                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity     14585792                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity     13597336                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6133304                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6070528                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity     13597336                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.056834                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads     14121160                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes     14121160                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15495533                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14121160                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6157149                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6060768                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity     14121160                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.059024                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads     14240653                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes     14240653                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15482481                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14240652                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6330003                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6227756                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity     14240652                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.059523                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    20114810     26.89%     26.89% |    50172730     67.06%     93.95% |     4527719      6.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     74815259                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    20114810     26.89%     26.89% |    50172736     67.06%     93.95% |     4527719      6.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     74815265                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   735726437                       |  1342774816                       |   110509327                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |  1225550981                       |   235411301                       |     4528445                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   36.576355                       |   26.763041                       |   24.407285                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   60.927793                       |    4.692017                       |    1.000160                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    29.258879                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    19.588126                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         48.847005                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.005065                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.105463      6.76%      6.76% |    0.105251      6.75%     13.51% |    0.103573      6.64%     20.15% |    0.103261      6.62%     26.77% |    0.263232     16.87%     43.64% |    0.258462     16.57%     60.21% |    0.262851     16.85%     77.06% |    0.257887     16.53%     93.59% |    0.024999      1.60%     95.19% |    0.025006      1.60%     96.79% |    0.025008      1.60%     98.40% |    0.025002      1.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.559994                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.038977                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.023609                       |    0.000000                       |    0.007567                       |    0.007601                       |    0.007415                       |    0.007279                       |    0.007787                       |    0.008177                       |    0.007557                       |    0.007417                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.007179                       |    0.004694                       |    0.004653                       |    0.004703                       |    0.004652                       |    0.004649                       |    0.004641                       |    0.004624                       |    0.004640                       |    0.004692                       |    0.004711                       |    0.004678                       |    0.004646                       |    0.004671                       |    0.004628                       |    0.004631                       |    0.004665                       |    0.004663                       |    0.004655                       |    0.004648                       |    0.004647                       |    0.005030                       |    0.004862                       |    0.004633                       |    0.004654                       |    0.004665                       |    0.004638                       |    0.004662                       |    0.004676                       |    0.004685                       |    0.004775                       |    0.004945                       |    0.016582                       |    0.016390                       |    0.016367                       |    0.016348                       |    0.000101                       |           0                       |    0.001927                       |    0.004961                       |    0.000381                       |    0.000398                       |    0.000372                       |    0.000383                       |    0.000383                       |    0.000409                       |    0.000348                       |    0.000359                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004578                       |    0.000103                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004748                       |    0.004132                       |    0.010817                       |    0.004567                       |    0.000348                       |    0.006917                       |    0.014072                       |    0.006847                       |           0                       |    0.004601                       |    0.010639                       |           0                       |    0.015983                       |    0.020612                       |    0.008132                       |    0.010819                       |    0.004579                       |    0.000381                       |    0.017347                       |    0.016452                       |    0.014734                       |    0.010815                       |    0.004615                       |    0.000398                       |    0.018731                       |    0.015465                       |    0.010223                       |           0                       |    0.004588                       |    0.010436                       |           0                       |    0.018670                       |    0.013773                       |    0.009368                       |           0                       |    0.004592                       |           0                       |    0.009332                       |    0.006873                       |    0.006198                       |           0                       |    0.004574                       |           0                       |    0.004654                       |    0.004137                       |           0                       |    0.004877                       |           0                       |    0.001896                       |    0.005030                       |    0.004204                       |    0.010594                       |    0.004592                       |    0.000359                       |    0.010291                       |    0.005816                       |    0.014297                       |    0.004090                       |    0.010592                       |    0.004567                       |    0.000372                       |    0.007290                       |    0.014103                       |    0.020067                       |    0.005506                       |    0.025219                       |    0.006364                       |    0.001927                       |    0.012367                       |    0.020091                       |    0.027562                       |    0.012036                       |    0.000001                       |    0.004604                       |    0.004961                       |    0.012423                       |    0.018161                       |    0.019572                       |    0.012291                       |    0.010368                       |    0.004557                       |    0.000383                       |    0.010962                       |    0.015379                       |    0.010732                       |    0.006935                       |           0                       |    0.004566                       |           0                       |    0.003890                       |    0.009311                       |    0.005360                       |    0.006141                       |           0                       |    0.004580                       |           0                       |    0.001839                       |    0.004665                       |    0.004071                       |           0                       |    0.004708                       |           0                       |    0.001029                       |    0.004862                       |    0.004556                       |           0                       |    0.004618                       |           0                       |    0.011591                       |    0.006089                       |    0.008257                       |    0.004552                       |           0                       |    0.004689                       |    0.010425                       |           0                       |    0.007538                       |    0.016164                       |    0.015655                       |    0.004553                       |    0.011041                       |    0.004564                       |    0.000383                       |    0.019889                       |    0.017607                       |    0.012422                       |    0.004578                       |    0.011490                       |    0.004554                       |    0.000409                       |    0.009193                       |    0.019157                       |    0.012935                       |    0.004581                       |           0                       |    0.004798                       |    0.010418                       |           0                       |    0.008756                       |    0.018877                       |    0.012095                       |    0.004580                       |           0                       |    0.004581                       |           0                       |    0.003028                       |    0.009310                       |    0.006055                       |    0.004572                       |           0                       |    0.004567                       |           0                       |    0.000992                       |    0.004638                       |    0.004567                       |           0                       |    0.004556                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004633                       |           0                       |    0.004552                       |           0                       |    0.005279                       |           0                       |    0.007940                       |           0                       |    0.004553                       |           0                       |    0.006513                       |    0.003959                       |    0.009637                       |           0                       |    0.004578                       |           0                       |    0.010824                       |    0.007538                       |    0.006639                       |           0                       |    0.004581                       |           0                       |    0.005520                       |    0.010697                       |    0.005497                       |           0                       |    0.004580                       |           0                       |    0.009049                       |    0.010412                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004572                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.009310                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004567                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004662                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.559994                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         8936978                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      8936978                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       389907                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      6419760                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         5803569                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     90.401651                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          701282                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30131                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             15423018                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              86348                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            18913412                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            181211                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         15509366                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        19094623                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  34336430                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  267559                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              34603989                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits             10457845                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9642                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses         10467487                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                  10457845                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9642                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses              10467487                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                235698273                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     34524217                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               63008061                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             8936978                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      6504851                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             195625128                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          907356                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             142500                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       182771                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       300213                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3277                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       344016                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          10457177                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        230899                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3955                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    231575800                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.495655                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.710185                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        209565306     90.50%     90.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1988227      0.86%     91.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          3028961      1.31%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           873086      0.38%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          3086483      1.33%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          1409172      0.61%     94.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          3861820      1.67%     96.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           548443      0.24%     96.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          7214302      3.12%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    231575800                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.037917                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.267325                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         13358704                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     202503181                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6764063                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       8496167                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         453678                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      110293365                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         453678                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         15985441                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       123980907                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     13484166                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          12288181                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      65383420                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      108290772                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         68888                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        5797386                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents        1004660                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       56522688                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    119597425                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     244294860                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    160051973                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          137                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     106105062                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         13492361                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       363480                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       367035                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          52707724                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      8168986                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     19325811                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1943252                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1716360                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          106348833                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       693275                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         111249041                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       326735                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10014039                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14627684                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       136991                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231575800                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.480400                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.198052                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184831044     79.81%     79.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     19586995      8.46%     88.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10526815      4.55%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5978658      2.58%     95.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3697799      1.60%     97.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5038363      2.18%     99.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1083405      0.47%     99.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       472767      0.20%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       359954      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231575800                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          113375      9.70%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         913579     78.18%     87.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        141598     12.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       417177      0.37%      0.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      76269007     68.56%     68.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        52399      0.05%     68.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52160      0.05%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            9      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     15326588     13.78%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19131701     17.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      111249041                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.471998                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1168552                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.010504                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    455569007                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    117064717                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    102578898                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          162                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          234                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           54                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      112000332                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              84                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      2122221                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1471596                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2666                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         8932                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       740751                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1831                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      8919186                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         453678                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         6246093                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     111556307                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    107042108                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       108437                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       8168986                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19325811                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       683853                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         233413                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     111072893                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         8932                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       131466                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       329875                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       461341                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     110537032                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      15111508                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       444995                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             34037223                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          7495294                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           18925715                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.468977                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              102687305                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             102578952                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          53390018                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          81461490                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.435213                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.655402                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     10247536                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       556284                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       403633                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229892444                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.420669                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.282318                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191892435     83.47%     83.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16118423      7.01%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11020219      4.79%     95.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2586309      1.13%     96.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2376279      1.03%     97.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       990333      0.43%     97.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1155263      0.50%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       622954      0.27%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3130229      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229892444                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     54605386                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       96708657                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               25282449                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               6697389                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                6050                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            6970349                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 18                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          96079030                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       617058                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       178687      0.18%      0.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     71145473     73.57%     73.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        51116      0.05%     73.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50923      0.05%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            9      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      6697389      6.93%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     18585060     19.22%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     96708657                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       3130229                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            333468023                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           215606346                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   87370                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4122473                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3545957                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            54605386                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              96708657                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.316392                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.316392                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.231675                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.231675                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        166017503                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        75511525                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                43                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               70                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          35364428                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         36887057                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        49304673                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         357540                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               7008945000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            7008945000.000009                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-5.36871e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+09-5.90558e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.90558e+09-6.44245e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+09-6.97932e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.97932e+09-7.51619e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::7.51619e+09-8.05306e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-9.12681e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.12681e+09-9.66368e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.66368e+09-1.02005e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.02005e+10-1.07374e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      12760931                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        72.545005                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       39.491891                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      117.718288                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    11172567     87.55%     87.55% |      689869      5.41%     92.96% |      359972      2.82%     95.78% |      249142      1.95%     97.73% |      181673      1.42%     99.16% |       88967      0.70%     99.85% |       17107      0.13%     99.99% |        1573      0.01%    100.00% |          58      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        12760931                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      14022183                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        29.434182                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       26.265024                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       16.125212                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    13984474     99.73%     99.73% |       32586      0.23%     99.96% |        4230      0.03%     99.99% |         751      0.01%    100.00% |         126      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        14022183                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size           16                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket          159                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        290048                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        25.950026                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       24.024952                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        9.722399                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |       37364     12.88%     12.88% |      165968     57.22%     70.10% |       80574     27.78%     97.88% |        6021      2.08%     99.96% |         120      0.04%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          290048                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          9196489                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean          121.555550                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean          11.068231                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         292.593005                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     8971737     97.56%     97.56% |      202210      2.20%     99.75% |       19973      0.22%     99.97% |        2257      0.02%    100.00% |         255      0.00%    100.00% |          42      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            9196489                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      6485160                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.001135                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000953                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.037787                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6478592     99.90%     99.90% |        5924      0.09%     99.99% |         509      0.01%    100.00% |         123      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        6485160                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples      2711329                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     405.122889                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    251.095217                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    419.942986                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |     2486577     91.71%     91.71% |      202210      7.46%     99.17% |       19973      0.74%     99.91% |        2257      0.08%     99.99% |         255      0.01%    100.00% |          42      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total       2711329                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         19566149                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           40.899365                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.428872                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         173.856460                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    19415198     99.23%     99.23% |      136735      0.70%     99.93% |       12501      0.06%     99.99% |        1444      0.01%    100.00% |         230      0.00%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           19566149                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     17943808                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000223                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000184                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.017658                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    17940536     99.98%     99.98% |        2627      0.01%    100.00% |         570      0.00%    100.00% |          73      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       17943808                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1622341                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     460.080619                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    328.938254                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    415.860899                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |     1471390     90.70%     90.70% |      136735      8.43%     99.12% |       12501      0.77%     99.89% |        1444      0.09%     99.98% |         230      0.01%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1622341                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples     10450752                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.040239                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.120049                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      12.175337                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |    10447353     99.97%     99.97% |        2948      0.03%    100.00% |         331      0.00%    100.00% |          64      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total       10450752                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples     10324343                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000311                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    10324342    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total     10324343                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       126409                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    89.000823                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    76.896116                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    70.348225                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      123010     97.31%     97.31% |        2948      2.33%     99.64% |         331      0.26%     99.91% |          64      0.05%     99.96% |          20      0.02%     99.97% |          21      0.02%     99.99% |           9      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       126409                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       278501                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     10.968093                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.867183                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    36.244285                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      273440     98.18%     98.18% |        3842      1.38%     99.56% |        1012      0.36%     99.93% |          91      0.03%     99.96% |          55      0.02%     99.98% |          53      0.02%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       278501                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       257680                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000392                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000338                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.019794                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      257579     99.96%     99.96% |         101      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       257680                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        20821                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   109.576101                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    89.439613                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    84.037894                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       15760     75.69%     75.69% |        3842     18.45%     94.15% |        1012      4.86%     99.01% |          91      0.44%     99.44% |          55      0.26%     99.71% |          53      0.25%     99.96% |           8      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        20821                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     7.022901                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.514973                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    22.015516                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         622     94.96%     94.96% |          22      3.36%     98.32% |           5      0.76%     99.08% |           0      0.00%     99.08% |           0      0.00%     99.08% |           4      0.61%     99.69% |           0      0.00%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          622                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         622    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          622                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           33                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    82.848485                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    69.616530                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    60.514007                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          22     66.67%     66.67% |           5     15.15%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     12.12%     93.94% |           0      0.00%     93.94% |           1      3.03%     96.97% |           1      3.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           33                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         655    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         655    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          655                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks       312725                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time     10118649                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       148402                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    80691                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                   119962                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    82503                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                   121524                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    76722                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                   120156                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    73400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                   121755                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                    84196                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                   120386                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   91835                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                  121363                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                   75297                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                  117998                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                   74776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                  118495                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                  63725                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                 168838                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                  61913                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                 167276                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                  58670                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                 168644                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                  52968                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                 167045                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                  69244                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                 168414                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                 79653                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                167437                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                 69119                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                170802                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                 60616                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                170305                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                    74684                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                   163080                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    72950                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                   161456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                    69115                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                   162751                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                    62371                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                   161169                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                    81004                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                   162606                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                   92762                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                  161137                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                   79391                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                  164934                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                   70573                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                  164078                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses               144416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses               288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses               144416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses               288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses               135392                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses               288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses               126368                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses               288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses               153440                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses               288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses              171488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses              288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses              144416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses              288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses              135392                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses              288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 3119473                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                 6819852                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                 2977618                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                 6664716                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                 2993703                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                 6759116                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                 2734484                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                 6703631                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                 3210142                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                 6787957                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles                3253255                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles                6642699                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles                3300223                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles                6938802                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles                3111882                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles             4301815654                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   82976                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                  227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   82976                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                  227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   77792                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                  227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   72608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                  227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                   88160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                  227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                  98528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                 227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                  82976                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                 227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                  77792                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                 227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  57600                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  53760                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                  65280                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                  61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                 72960                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                 61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                 61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                 57600                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                 61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                44982                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                92473                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                45809                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                94261                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                42787                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                93317                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                41135                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                93772                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                47098                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                92838                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits               50048                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               94175                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits               42215                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits               91473                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits               42115                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits               92042                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses              37994                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses             134887                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses              37167                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses             133099                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses              35005                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses             134043                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses              31473                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses             133588                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses              41062                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses             134522                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses             48480                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses            133185                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses             40761                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses            135887                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses             35677                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses            135318                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               35709                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               27489                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               36694                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               27263                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits               33935                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               26839                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               32265                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               27983                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits               37098                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits               27548                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits              41787                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits              27188                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits              33082                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits              26525                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits              32661                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits              26453                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses             25731                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses             33951                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses             24746                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses             34177                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses             23665                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses             34601                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses             21495                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses             33457                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses             28182                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses             33892                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses            31173                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses            34252                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses            28358                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses            34915                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses            24939                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses            34987                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       14                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                       17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                      19                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                      15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                5378939                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                8434049                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                5340802                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                8464751                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                5336955                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                8456472                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                5057745                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                8435169                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                5344790                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                8422471                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles               5316429                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               8442618                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               5251990                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               8476039                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles               5287361                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               8459018                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     120                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     112                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                     136                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    152                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    120                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               4719289                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               7717808                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               4635642                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               7724305                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               4622781                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               7697750                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               4305975                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               7727343                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               4476715                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles               7708668                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles              4147581                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              7697751                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              4567060                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              7659183                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              4477894                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              7661773                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles            2140542                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles            3932544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles            2149087                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles            3932544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles            2024105                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles            3936456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles            1879002                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles            3932544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles            2303960                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles            3932544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles           2658705                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles           3932544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles           2141045                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles           3945160                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles           1994317                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles           3939345                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              3041274                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              2204719                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              3188273                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              2216963                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              3096020                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              2232736                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              2984629                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              2201225                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles              3488521                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles              2200453                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles             3811595                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles             2237185                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles             2995675                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles             2268346                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles             3374691                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles             2254748                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          4719289                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          7717808                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          4635642                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          7724305                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          4622781                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          7697750                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          4305975                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          7727343                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          4476715                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time          7708668                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time         4147581                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         7697751                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         4567060                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         7659183                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         4477894                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         7661773                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time       2097479                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time       3932544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time       2097458                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time       3932544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time       1966374                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time       3932541                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time       1835275                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time       3932544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time       2228542                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time       3932544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time      2490668                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time      3932544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time      2097476                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time      3932532                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time      1966395                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time      3932538                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         2703199                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         2204719                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         2695634                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         2216963                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         2677431                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         2232736                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         2506774                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         2201225                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time         2809121                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time         2200453                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time        2930267                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time        2237185                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time        2639069                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time        2268346                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time        2791147                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time        2254748                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            5223183                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            7959921                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            5146309                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            7973183                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            5184429                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            7991703                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            4891432                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            7943601                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            5192895                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time            7930903                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time           5119556                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           7951050                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           5040587                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           8032978                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           5175643                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           8012659                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         225273807                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         227880504                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         225273803                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         227880500                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         225273809                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         227880506                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         225273805                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         227880502                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         225273814                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         227880511                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        225273810                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        227880507                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        225273826                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        227880523                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        225273822                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        227880519                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          9619857                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles         11276975                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          9535718                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles         11322543                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          9679256                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles         11312303                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          9456602                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles         11243965                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          9626453                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles         11291086                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         9635654                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles        11281900                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         9504184                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles        11301021                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         9551316                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles        11284319                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0             12980                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0             26162                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0             12876                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0             25881                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0             12093                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0             25994                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0             11346                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0             26311                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0             13502                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0             26290                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0            15081                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0            26382                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0            13031                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0            26123                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0            12452                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0            26221                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1             11770                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              7085                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1             12781                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              7202                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1             11397                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              6738                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1             11516                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              7548                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1             11836                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              7066                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1            13597                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             7106                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             9779                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             6270                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1            10252                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             6459                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2             14062                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2             19138                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2             15424                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2             20947                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2             13450                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2             19282                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2             14197                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2             20691                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2             13753                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2             19199                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2            14554                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2            21116                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2            10689                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2            17345                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2            12263                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2            18167                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles          473336                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles         4241217                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles          458966                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles         4104782                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles          462454                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles         4141642                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles          382532                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles         4192003                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles          531510                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles         4232746                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles         682964                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles        4140212                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles         570684                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles        4268768                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles         499130                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles        4203573                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      661455     25.24%     25.24% |      653863     24.95%     50.19% |      652937     24.92%     75.11% |      652209     24.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      2620464                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      306106     25.53%     25.53% |      297784     24.84%     50.37% |      297587     24.82%     75.19% |      297521     24.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      1198998                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      661480     25.24%     25.24% |      653863     24.95%     50.19% |      652936     24.92%     75.11% |      652208     24.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      2620487                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      311964     25.52%     25.52% |      303655     24.84%     50.36% |      303458     24.82%     75.18% |      303392     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1222469                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           80                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6048     25.00%     25.00% |        6048     25.00%     50.00% |        6048     25.00%     75.00% |        6048     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24192                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      347157     25.00%     25.00% |      347887     25.05%     50.05% |      347158     25.00%     75.05% |      346495     24.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total      1388697                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      661455     25.24%     25.24% |      653863     24.95%     50.19% |      652937     24.92%     75.11% |      652209     24.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      2620464                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5858     24.96%     24.96% |        5871     25.01%     49.97% |        5871     25.01%     74.99% |        5871     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23471                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5858     24.96%     24.96% |        5871     25.01%     49.97% |        5871     25.01%     74.99% |        5871     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23471                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      305861     25.53%     25.53% |      297607     24.84%     50.36% |      297410     24.82%     75.18% |      297344     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      1198222                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         190     26.35%     26.35% |         177     24.55%     50.90% |         177     24.55%     75.45% |         177     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          721                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      347157     25.00%     25.00% |      347887     25.05%     50.05% |      347158     25.00%     75.05% |      346495     24.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total      1388697                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      661455     25.24%     25.24% |      653863     24.95%     50.19% |      652936     24.92%     75.11% |      652208     24.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      2620462                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      305861     25.53%     25.53% |      297607     24.84%     50.36% |      297410     24.82%     75.18% |      297344     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      1198222                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         190     26.35%     26.35% |         177     24.55%     50.90% |         177     24.55%     75.45% |         177     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          721                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         190     26.35%     26.35% |         177     24.55%     50.90% |         177     24.55%     75.45% |         177     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          721                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24192                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24192                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24192                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24192                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     6718501     73.02%     73.02% |          34      0.00%     73.02% |      310307      3.37%     76.39% |      310293      3.37%     79.76% |      305123      3.32%     83.08% |      299925      3.26%     86.34% |      315473      3.43%     89.77% |      325839      3.54%     93.31% |      310325      3.37%     96.68% |      305143      3.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      9200963                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    10450795    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total     10450795                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    18866458     95.05%     95.05% |           0      0.00%     95.05% |      122875      0.62%     95.67% |      122873      0.62%     96.29% |      119037      0.60%     96.89% |      115187      0.58%     97.47% |      126723      0.64%     98.10% |      134445      0.68%     98.78% |      122889      0.62%     99.40% |      119041      0.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     19849528                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       26597     10.93%     10.93% |          34      0.01%     10.94% |       25404     10.44%     21.38% |       28618     11.76%     33.14% |       28891     11.87%     45.01% |       26047     10.70%     55.71% |       26091     10.72%     66.43% |       29106     11.96%     78.39% |       26647     10.95%     89.34% |       25936     10.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       243371                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1026777     20.43%     20.43% |           0      0.00%     20.43% |      497718      9.90%     30.33% |      499888      9.95%     40.28% |      492256      9.79%     50.07% |      478248      9.52%     59.59% |      505898     10.07%     69.65% |      540352     10.75%     80.40% |      496830      9.88%     90.29% |      488264      9.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      5026231                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          11     20.37%     20.37% |           3      5.56%     25.93% |           6     11.11%     37.04% |           0      0.00%     37.04% |          18     33.33%     70.37% |           0      0.00%     70.37% |           9     16.67%     87.04% |           7     12.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           54                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           5      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |        4866     10.44%     10.45% |        5795     12.43%     22.88% |        5634     12.08%     34.96% |        6771     14.52%     49.48% |        6297     13.51%     62.99% |        7157     15.35%     78.34% |        4624      9.92%     88.26% |        5474     11.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        46623                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      231941      9.10%      9.10% |          29      0.00%      9.10% |      288878     11.34%     20.44% |      289602     11.37%     31.81% |      282623     11.09%     42.90% |      278530     10.93%     53.83% |      294007     11.54%     65.37% |      306492     12.03%     77.40% |      289539     11.36%     88.77% |      286212     11.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      2547853                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.01%      0.01% |        6775     14.53%     14.54% |        6377     13.68%     28.22% |        7396     15.86%     44.08% |        4813     10.32%     54.41% |        5113     10.97%     65.37% |        4551      9.76%     75.13% |        6493     13.93%     89.06% |        5100     10.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        46623                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      792234     42.00%     42.00% |           0      0.00%     42.00% |      136585      7.24%     49.24% |      136066      7.21%     56.45% |      133179      7.06%     63.51% |      130808      6.93%     70.44% |      141876      7.52%     77.96% |      147655      7.83%     85.79% |      136232      7.22%     93.01% |      131804      6.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1886439                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      886061     21.92%     21.92% |           0      0.00%     21.92% |      396867      9.82%     31.74% |      392849      9.72%     41.46% |      383443      9.49%     50.94% |      377011      9.33%     60.27% |      404152     10.00%     70.27% |      419216     10.37%     80.64% |      395282      9.78%     90.42% |      387444      9.58%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      4042325                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      225071      8.33%      8.33% |          17      0.00%      8.33% |      309842     11.46%     19.79% |      309763     11.46%     31.25% |      304627     11.27%     42.51% |      299449     11.08%     53.59% |      314955     11.65%     65.24% |      325280     12.03%     77.27% |      309768     11.46%     88.73% |      304596     11.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      2703368                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122866    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122866                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      664977     40.48%     40.48% |           0      0.00%     40.48% |      122328      7.45%     47.92% |      122247      7.44%     55.36% |      118525      7.21%     62.58% |      114679      6.98%     69.56% |      125995      7.67%     77.23% |      133360      8.12%     85.34% |      122386      7.45%     92.79% |      118425      7.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1642922                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11158      8.66%      8.66% |           0      0.00%      8.66% |       15082     11.71%     20.37% |       14630     11.36%     31.73% |       15762     12.24%     43.96% |       15556     12.08%     56.04% |       15573     12.09%     68.13% |       14449     11.22%     79.35% |       13532     10.50%     89.85% |       13075     10.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total       128817                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        7562     94.99%     94.99% |          17      0.21%     95.20% |          41      0.52%     95.72% |          35      0.44%     96.16% |          43      0.54%     96.70% |          22      0.28%     96.97% |          33      0.41%     97.39% |          45      0.57%     97.95% |          94      1.18%     99.13% |          69      0.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         7961                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        3545    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         3545                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |         156     61.18%     61.18% |           0      0.00%     61.18% |          27     10.59%     71.76% |           0      0.00%     71.76% |           3      1.18%     72.94% |           1      0.39%     73.33% |          13      5.10%     78.43% |          13      5.10%     83.53% |          16      6.27%     89.80% |          26     10.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total          255                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        3359      3.33%      3.33% |           0      0.00%      3.33% |       10119     10.03%     13.36% |       13790     13.67%     27.03% |       12983     12.87%     39.90% |       10317     10.23%     50.13% |       10326     10.24%     60.36% |       14425     14.30%     74.66% |       12920     12.81%     87.47% |       12641     12.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total       100880                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       24988     97.62%     97.62% |           0      0.00%     97.62% |          47      0.18%     97.80% |          79      0.31%     98.11% |          89      0.35%     98.46% |          80      0.31%     98.77% |          65      0.25%     99.02% |          72      0.28%     99.30% |         102      0.40%     99.70% |          76      0.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        25598                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    10324343    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     10324343                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        4567     32.14%     32.14% |           5      0.04%     32.18% |        1017      7.16%     39.33% |         989      6.96%     46.29% |        1287      9.06%     55.35% |        1223      8.61%     63.96% |        1131      7.96%     71.92% |        1316      9.26%     81.18% |        1384      9.74%     90.92% |        1290      9.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        14209                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122470     38.17%     38.17% |           0      0.00%     38.17% |       24672      7.69%     45.87% |       24859      7.75%     53.61% |       26214      8.17%     61.79% |       26288      8.19%     69.98% |       25960      8.09%     78.07% |       24487      7.63%     85.70% |       23440      7.31%     93.01% |       22424      6.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       320814                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     3169756     99.91%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |         342      0.01%     99.92% |         395      0.01%     99.93% |         329      0.01%     99.94% |         353      0.01%     99.95% |         403      0.01%     99.97% |         427      0.01%     99.98% |         308      0.01%     99.99% |         347      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      3172660                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       38438    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        38438                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |       10451     16.66%     16.66% |          29      0.05%     16.70% |        5904      9.41%     26.11% |        7560     12.05%     38.16% |        6786     10.81%     48.97% |        5922      9.44%     58.41% |        6128      9.77%     68.18% |        6941     11.06%     79.24% |        6708     10.69%     89.93% |        6318     10.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total        62747                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      182908      7.62%      7.62% |           0      0.00%      7.62% |      278010     11.59%     19.21% |      276099     11.51%     30.72% |      270089     11.26%     41.98% |      265743     11.08%     53.06% |      281492     11.73%     64.79% |      292293     12.18%     76.97% |      278033     11.59%     88.56% |      274350     11.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      2399017                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4743     10.42%     10.42% |        5683     12.49%     22.91% |        5479     12.04%     34.95% |        6600     14.50%     49.45% |        6119     13.45%     62.90% |        7037     15.46%     78.36% |        4525      9.94%     88.31% |        5322     11.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        45508                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     3286902    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      3286902                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    18159496     99.97%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |         505      0.00%     99.98% |         613      0.00%     99.98% |         489      0.00%     99.98% |         495      0.00%     99.98% |         693      0.00%     99.99% |        1008      0.01%     99.99% |         460      0.00%    100.00% |         568      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     18164327                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         421      1.14%      1.14% |           0      0.00%      1.14% |        3321      9.00%     10.14% |        5322     14.43%     24.57% |        4992     13.53%     38.10% |        3238      8.78%     46.88% |        3180      8.62%     55.50% |        6275     17.01%     72.51% |        4965     13.46%     85.97% |        5175     14.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        36889                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      703153     42.79%     42.79% |           0      0.00%     42.79% |      118857      7.23%     50.02% |      116750      7.10%     57.13% |      113354      6.90%     64.02% |      111268      6.77%     70.80% |      122660      7.46%     78.26% |      126923      7.72%     85.98% |      117249      7.13%     93.12% |      113094      6.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1643308                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          11     20.37%     20.37% |           3      5.56%     25.93% |           6     11.11%     37.04% |           0      0.00%     37.04% |          18     33.33%     70.37% |           0      0.00%     70.37% |           9     16.67%     87.04% |           7     12.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           54                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      6.67%      6.67% |           7     23.33%     30.00% |           3     10.00%     40.00% |           4     13.33%     53.33% |           2      6.67%     60.00% |           7     23.33%     83.33% |           3     10.00%     93.33% |           2      6.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv::total           30                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |       12257      3.02%      3.02% |           0      0.00%      3.02% |       46638     11.51%     14.53% |       49589     12.24%     26.77% |       50443     12.45%     39.21% |       46519     11.48%     50.69% |       47108     11.62%     62.31% |       57547     14.20%     76.51% |       47482     11.72%     88.23% |       47709     11.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total       405292                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      231941      9.10%      9.10% |          29      0.00%      9.10% |      288877     11.34%     20.44% |      289597     11.37%     31.81% |      282620     11.09%     42.90% |      278529     10.93%     53.83% |      294006     11.54%     65.37% |      306489     12.03%     77.40% |      289537     11.36%     88.77% |      286210     11.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      2547835                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.01%      0.01% |        6775     14.53%     14.54% |        6377     13.68%     28.22% |        7396     15.86%     44.08% |        4813     10.32%     54.41% |        5113     10.97%     65.37% |        4551      9.76%     75.13% |        6493     13.93%     89.06% |        5100     10.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        46623                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      127101     52.25%     52.25% |           0      0.00%     52.25% |       14229      5.85%     58.10% |       13817      5.68%     63.78% |       14651      6.02%     69.80% |       16125      6.63%     76.43% |       15867      6.52%     82.96% |       14278      5.87%     88.83% |       13829      5.69%     94.51% |       13353      5.49%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       243250                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |        2630      1.68%      1.68% |           0      0.00%      1.68% |       19422     12.38%     14.05% |       18798     11.98%     26.03% |       19173     12.22%     38.25% |       18109     11.54%     49.79% |       18351     11.70%     61.49% |       24673     15.72%     77.21% |       17706     11.28%     88.50% |       18046     11.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total       156908                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      665133     40.48%     40.48% |           0      0.00%     40.48% |      122355      7.45%     47.92% |      122247      7.44%     55.36% |      118528      7.21%     62.58% |      114680      6.98%     69.56% |      126008      7.67%     77.23% |      133373      8.12%     85.34% |      122402      7.45%     92.79% |      118451      7.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1643177                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           4     33.33%     58.33% |           1      8.33%     66.67% |           4     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.L1_Replacement::total           12                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_Exclusive |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           5     27.78%     33.33% |           3     16.67%     50.00% |           1      5.56%     55.56% |           1      5.56%     61.11% |           3     16.67%     77.78% |           2     11.11%     88.89% |           2     11.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_Exclusive::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      8.33%      8.33% |           2     16.67%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           3     25.00%     50.00% |           1      8.33%     58.33% |           4     33.33%     91.67% |           1      8.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks::total           12                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        4222     94.37%     94.37% |           0      0.00%     94.37% |          35      0.78%     95.15% |          21      0.47%     95.62% |          35      0.78%     96.40% |          21      0.47%     96.87% |          17      0.38%     97.25% |          15      0.34%     97.59% |          53      1.18%     98.77% |          55      1.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         4474                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          41    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           41                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        3373     94.53%     94.53% |           0      0.00%     94.53% |          15      0.42%     94.96% |          13      0.36%     95.32% |          20      0.56%     95.88% |          12      0.34%     96.22% |          22      0.62%     96.83% |          64      1.79%     98.63% |          27      0.76%     99.38% |          22      0.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         3568                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          78     11.49%     11.49% |         110     16.20%     27.69% |          61      8.98%     36.67% |         104     15.32%     51.99% |          77     11.34%     63.33% |         118     17.38%     80.71% |          55      8.10%     88.81% |          76     11.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total          679                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         123     11.08%     11.08% |         112     10.09%     21.17% |         155     13.96%     35.14% |         171     15.41%     50.54% |         178     16.04%     66.58% |         120     10.81%     77.39% |          99      8.92%     86.31% |         152     13.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total         1110                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      886061     21.93%     21.93% |           0      0.00%     21.93% |      396666      9.82%     31.75% |      392627      9.72%     41.46% |      383227      9.48%     50.95% |      376736      9.32%     60.27% |      403897     10.00%     70.27% |      418978     10.37%     80.64% |      395128      9.78%     90.42% |      387216      9.58%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      4040536                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         201     11.24%     11.24% |         222     12.41%     23.64% |         216     12.07%     35.72% |         275     15.37%     51.09% |         255     14.25%     65.34% |         238     13.30%     78.65% |         154      8.61%     87.26% |         228     12.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total         1789                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3918      3.09%      3.09% |        3795      3.00%      6.09% |        3519      2.78%      8.87% |        3535      2.79%     11.66% |        3621      2.86%     14.52% |        4087      3.23%     17.75% |        3808      3.01%     20.76% |        3373      2.66%     23.42% |        3690      2.91%     26.34% |        5219      4.12%     30.46% |        4047      3.20%     33.66% |        3863      3.05%     36.71% |        3748      2.96%     39.67% |        4411      3.48%     43.15% |        3938      3.11%     46.26% |        3826      3.02%     49.28% |        4248      3.36%     52.64% |        4221      3.33%     55.97% |        3695      2.92%     58.89% |        3347      2.64%     61.53% |        3125      2.47%     64.00% |        3777      2.98%     66.99% |        3571      2.82%     69.81% |        3420      2.70%     72.51% |        3682      2.91%     75.42% |        3829      3.02%     78.44% |        3308      2.61%     81.05% |        4753      3.75%     84.81% |        4038      3.19%     88.00% |        5403      4.27%     92.26% |        5233      4.13%     96.40% |        4563      3.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       126611                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      158817      5.85%      5.85% |       82734      3.05%      8.90% |       81463      3.00%     11.90% |       82614      3.04%     14.94% |       81795      3.01%     17.95% |       81618      3.01%     20.96% |       81060      2.99%     23.94% |       81068      2.99%     26.93% |       81273      2.99%     29.92% |       81610      3.01%     32.93% |       83423      3.07%     36.00% |       82837      3.05%     39.05% |       81821      3.01%     42.07% |       81743      3.01%     45.08% |       81015      2.98%     48.06% |       81139      2.99%     51.05% |       82020      3.02%     54.07% |       81516      3.00%     57.07% |       81845      3.01%     60.09% |       82097      3.02%     63.11% |       81968      3.02%     66.13% |       90432      3.33%     69.46% |       88772      3.27%     72.73% |       81440      3.00%     75.73% |       81452      3.00%     78.73% |       82054      3.02%     81.75% |       81326      3.00%     84.75% |       81193      2.99%     87.74% |       81873      3.02%     90.75% |       81161      2.99%     93.74% |       82017      3.02%     96.76% |       87850      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total      2715046                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       64755      3.94%      3.94% |       50624      3.08%      7.02% |       50559      3.08%     10.10% |       51591      3.14%     13.23% |       50357      3.06%     16.30% |       50120      3.05%     19.35% |       50409      3.07%     22.41% |       49920      3.04%     25.45% |       50088      3.05%     28.50% |       50464      3.07%     31.57% |       50528      3.07%     34.64% |       50082      3.05%     37.69% |       49952      3.04%     40.73% |       50471      3.07%     43.80% |       49825      3.03%     46.83% |       49927      3.04%     49.87% |       49978      3.04%     52.91% |       50485      3.07%     55.98% |       50409      3.07%     59.04% |       50423      3.07%     62.11% |       50732      3.09%     65.20% |       56929      3.46%     68.66% |       52031      3.17%     71.83% |       50253      3.06%     74.88% |       50665      3.08%     77.97% |       50301      3.06%     81.03% |       50610      3.08%     84.11% |       50606      3.08%     87.18% |       51147      3.11%     90.30% |       50917      3.10%     93.39% |       53633      3.26%     96.66% |       54973      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1643764                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           4     22.22%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           4     22.22%     50.00% |           2     11.11%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           2     11.11%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2     11.11%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      213916      5.29%      5.29% |      123976      3.06%      8.35% |      122815      3.04%     11.39% |      125026      3.09%     14.48% |      122803      3.04%     17.51% |      122033      3.02%     20.53% |      122183      3.02%     23.55% |      121764      3.01%     26.56% |      122126      3.02%     29.58% |      122841      3.04%     32.62% |      124538      3.08%     35.70% |      123530      3.05%     38.75% |      122207      3.02%     41.77% |      122538      3.03%     44.80% |      121099      2.99%     47.79% |      121076      2.99%     50.79% |      121990      3.02%     53.80% |      121961      3.01%     56.82% |      122308      3.02%     59.84% |      122285      3.02%     62.86% |      122222      3.02%     65.88% |      136568      3.38%     69.26% |      130493      3.23%     72.49% |      121387      3.00%     75.49% |      121818      3.01%     78.50% |      122173      3.02%     81.52% |      121992      3.02%     84.53% |      121753      3.01%     87.54% |      122934      3.04%     90.58% |      122020      3.02%     93.60% |      125796      3.11%     96.71% |      133150      3.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      4045321                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |          31      2.70%      2.70% |          34      2.96%      5.66% |          37      3.22%      8.89% |          42      3.66%     12.54% |          38      3.31%     15.85% |          38      3.31%     19.16% |          36      3.14%     22.30% |          35      3.05%     25.35% |          28      2.44%     27.79% |          34      2.96%     30.75% |          22      1.92%     32.67% |          38      3.31%     35.98% |          37      3.22%     39.20% |          30      2.61%     41.81% |          26      2.26%     44.08% |          28      2.44%     46.52% |          36      3.14%     49.65% |          45      3.92%     53.57% |          33      2.87%     56.45% |          37      3.22%     59.67% |          37      3.22%     62.89% |          46      4.01%     66.90% |          42      3.66%     70.56% |          27      2.35%     72.91% |          40      3.48%     76.39% |          48      4.18%     80.57% |          42      3.66%     84.23% |          52      4.53%     88.76% |          33      2.87%     91.64% |          30      2.61%     94.25% |          42      3.66%     97.91% |          24      2.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total         1148                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       45338      3.85%      3.85% |       36679      3.11%      6.96% |       36613      3.11%     10.06% |       36519      3.10%     13.16% |       36417      3.09%     16.25% |       36440      3.09%     19.34% |       36502      3.10%     22.44% |       36595      3.10%     25.55% |       36553      3.10%     28.65% |       36641      3.11%     31.76% |       36577      3.10%     34.86% |       36517      3.10%     37.96% |       36415      3.09%     41.05% |       36561      3.10%     44.15% |       36566      3.10%     47.25% |       36634      3.11%     50.36% |       36648      3.11%     53.47% |       36639      3.11%     56.58% |       36612      3.11%     59.68% |       36458      3.09%     62.78% |       36390      3.09%     65.86% |       36505      3.10%     68.96% |       36511      3.10%     72.06% |       36557      3.10%     75.16% |       36641      3.11%     78.27% |       36653      3.11%     81.38% |       36589      3.10%     84.48% |       36564      3.10%     87.58% |       36464      3.09%     90.68% |       36551      3.10%     93.78% |       36618      3.11%     96.88% |       36716      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      1178683                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       44273      3.14%      3.14% |       44193      3.14%      6.28% |       44115      3.13%      9.41% |       43817      3.11%     12.53% |       43907      3.12%     15.64% |       43920      3.12%     18.76% |       43981      3.12%     21.89% |       44113      3.13%     25.02% |       44242      3.14%     28.16% |       44346      3.15%     31.31% |       44302      3.15%     34.45% |       44130      3.13%     37.59% |       44278      3.14%     40.73% |       44093      3.13%     43.86% |       44124      3.13%     47.00% |       44051      3.13%     50.13% |       44014      3.13%     53.25% |       44146      3.13%     56.39% |       43940      3.12%     59.51% |       43728      3.11%     62.61% |       43844      3.11%     65.72% |       44118      3.13%     68.86% |       43800      3.11%     71.97% |       43801      3.11%     75.08% |       43854      3.11%     78.19% |       44111      3.13%     81.32% |       43799      3.11%     84.43% |       43607      3.10%     87.53% |       43743      3.11%     90.64% |       43901      3.12%     93.75% |       43922      3.12%     96.87% |       44035      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total      1408248                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       90724      3.46%      3.46% |       81918      3.13%      6.59% |       81773      3.12%      9.71% |       81383      3.11%     12.81% |       81370      3.11%     15.92% |       81406      3.11%     19.03% |       81529      3.11%     22.14% |       81752      3.12%     25.26% |       81841      3.12%     28.38% |       82033      3.13%     31.51% |       81926      3.13%     34.64% |       81693      3.12%     37.75% |       81740      3.12%     40.87% |       81700      3.12%     43.99% |       81736      3.12%     47.11% |       81731      3.12%     50.23% |       81707      3.12%     53.35% |       81831      3.12%     56.47% |       81598      3.11%     59.58% |       81232      3.10%     62.68% |       81279      3.10%     65.79% |       81668      3.12%     68.90% |       81355      3.10%     72.01% |       81404      3.11%     75.11% |       81541      3.11%     78.23% |       81809      3.12%     81.35% |       81433      3.11%     84.46% |       81216      3.10%     87.55% |       81253      3.10%     90.66% |       81498      3.11%     93.77% |       81586      3.11%     96.88% |       81797      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      2620462                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       89700      3.47%      3.47% |       80894      3.13%      6.59% |       80749      3.12%      9.71% |       80359      3.11%     12.82% |       80346      3.10%     15.92% |       80382      3.11%     19.03% |       80505      3.11%     22.14% |       80728      3.12%     25.26% |       80817      3.12%     28.38% |       81009      3.13%     31.51% |       80902      3.13%     34.64% |       80669      3.12%     37.76% |       80716      3.12%     40.88% |       80676      3.12%     43.99% |       80712      3.12%     47.11% |       80707      3.12%     50.23% |       80683      3.12%     53.35% |       80807      3.12%     56.47% |       80574      3.11%     59.59% |       80208      3.10%     62.69% |       80255      3.10%     65.79% |       80644      3.12%     68.90% |       80331      3.10%     72.01% |       80380      3.11%     75.12% |       80517      3.11%     78.23% |       80785      3.12%     81.35% |       80409      3.11%     84.46% |       80192      3.10%     87.56% |       80229      3.10%     90.66% |       80474      3.11%     93.77% |       80562      3.11%     96.88% |       80773      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      2587694                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |        1256      3.37%      3.37% |        1191      3.20%      6.57% |        1121      3.01%      9.58% |        1134      3.04%     12.62% |        1153      3.09%     15.72% |        1112      2.98%     18.70% |        1085      2.91%     21.61% |        1148      3.08%     24.69% |        1210      3.25%     27.94% |        1146      3.08%     31.02% |        1153      3.09%     34.11% |        1157      3.11%     37.22% |        1181      3.17%     40.39% |        1083      2.91%     43.30% |        1124      3.02%     46.31% |        1165      3.13%     49.44% |        1195      3.21%     52.65% |        1194      3.20%     55.85% |        1138      3.05%     58.91% |        1184      3.18%     62.08% |        1253      3.36%     65.45% |        1228      3.30%     68.74% |        1143      3.07%     71.81% |        1163      3.12%     74.93% |        1211      3.25%     78.18% |        1205      3.23%     81.42% |        1141      3.06%     84.48% |        1159      3.11%     87.59% |        1169      3.14%     90.73% |        1133      3.04%     93.77% |        1139      3.06%     96.83% |        1182      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total        37256                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |        1410      3.00%      3.00% |        1382      2.94%      5.95% |        1373      2.93%      8.87% |        1307      2.78%     11.66% |        1376      2.93%     14.59% |        1395      2.97%     17.56% |        1387      2.96%     20.52% |        1359      2.90%     23.41% |        1376      2.93%     26.35% |        1381      2.94%     29.29% |        1457      3.10%     32.39% |        1405      2.99%     35.39% |        1412      3.01%     38.39% |        1439      3.07%     41.46% |        1498      3.19%     44.65% |        1462      3.12%     47.77% |        1444      3.08%     50.84% |        1526      3.25%     54.10% |        1603      3.42%     57.51% |        1620      3.45%     60.96% |        1616      3.44%     64.41% |        1574      3.35%     67.76% |        1620      3.45%     71.21% |        1492      3.18%     74.39% |        1445      3.08%     77.47% |        1492      3.18%     80.65% |        1513      3.22%     83.87% |        1506      3.21%     87.08% |        1598      3.40%     90.48% |        1560      3.32%     93.81% |        1495      3.19%     96.99% |        1411      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total        46934                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |        1959      3.01%      3.01% |        1886      2.90%      5.92% |        1920      2.95%      8.87% |        1813      2.79%     11.66% |        1945      2.99%     14.66% |        1885      2.90%     17.56% |        1928      2.97%     20.52% |        1842      2.83%     23.36% |        1912      2.94%     26.30% |        1878      2.89%     29.19% |        1956      3.01%     32.20% |        1895      2.92%     35.12% |        2054      3.16%     38.28% |        1988      3.06%     41.34% |        2071      3.19%     44.53% |        2048      3.15%     47.68% |        2112      3.25%     50.93% |        2085      3.21%     54.14% |        2133      3.28%     57.42% |        2154      3.32%     60.74% |        2256      3.47%     64.21% |        2206      3.40%     67.60% |        2194      3.38%     70.98% |        2129      3.28%     74.26% |        2171      3.34%     77.60% |        2080      3.20%     80.80% |        2108      3.24%     84.04% |        2080      3.20%     87.24% |        2184      3.36%     90.61% |        2106      3.24%     93.85% |        2062      3.17%     97.02% |        1936      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total        64976                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        4349      3.09%      3.09% |        4216      2.99%      6.08% |        4255      3.02%      9.10% |        4158      2.95%     12.06% |        4284      3.04%     15.10% |        4263      3.03%     18.13% |        4313      3.06%     21.19% |        4257      3.02%     24.21% |        4294      3.05%     27.26% |        4235      3.01%     30.27% |        4402      3.13%     33.39% |        4321      3.07%     36.46% |        4541      3.22%     39.69% |        4451      3.16%     42.85% |        4464      3.17%     46.02% |        4446      3.16%     49.17% |        4477      3.18%     52.35% |        4408      3.13%     55.48% |        4457      3.16%     58.65% |        4436      3.15%     61.80% |        4519      3.21%     65.01% |        4722      3.35%     68.36% |        4557      3.24%     71.59% |        4458      3.17%     74.76% |        4521      3.21%     77.97% |        4474      3.18%     81.15% |        4423      3.14%     84.29% |        4312      3.06%     87.35% |        4430      3.15%     90.50% |        4538      3.22%     93.72% |        4495      3.19%     96.91% |        4351      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total       140827                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        1403      3.01%      3.01% |        1370      2.94%      5.95% |        1362      2.92%      8.87% |        1295      2.78%     11.65% |        1364      2.93%     14.57% |        1385      2.97%     17.54% |        1374      2.95%     20.49% |        1347      2.89%     23.38% |        1371      2.94%     26.32% |        1373      2.94%     29.26% |        1451      3.11%     32.38% |        1396      2.99%     35.37% |        1405      3.01%     38.38% |        1431      3.07%     41.45% |        1492      3.20%     44.65% |        1457      3.13%     47.78% |        1432      3.07%     50.85% |        1514      3.25%     54.10% |        1595      3.42%     57.52% |        1605      3.44%     60.96% |        1608      3.45%     64.41% |        1564      3.35%     67.76% |        1609      3.45%     71.22% |        1487      3.19%     74.41% |        1434      3.08%     77.48% |        1475      3.16%     80.64% |        1499      3.22%     83.86% |        1490      3.20%     87.06% |        1589      3.41%     90.46% |        1553      3.33%     93.79% |        1486      3.19%     96.98% |        1407      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total        46623                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      218560      5.21%      5.21% |      128509      3.07%      8.28% |      127262      3.04%     11.32% |      129436      3.09%     14.41% |      127314      3.04%     17.44% |      126527      3.02%     20.46% |      126670      3.02%     23.49% |      126261      3.01%     26.50% |      126626      3.02%     29.52% |      127276      3.04%     32.56% |      129170      3.08%     35.64% |      128067      3.06%     38.69% |      126720      3.02%     41.72% |      127027      3.03%     44.75% |      125639      3.00%     47.75% |      125610      3.00%     50.74% |      126551      3.02%     53.76% |      126507      3.02%     56.78% |      126878      3.03%     59.81% |      126914      3.03%     62.84% |      126955      3.03%     65.87% |      141341      3.37%     69.24% |      135177      3.23%     72.46% |      125867      3.00%     75.47% |      126351      3.01%     78.48% |      126763      3.02%     81.51% |      126506      3.02%     84.53% |      126209      3.01%     87.54% |      127567      3.04%     90.58% |      126640      3.02%     93.60% |      130431      3.11%     96.71% |      137717      3.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      4191048                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         178     11.47%     11.47% |          46      2.96%     14.43% |          44      2.84%     17.27% |          46      2.96%     20.23% |          44      2.84%     23.07% |          44      2.84%     25.90% |          44      2.84%     28.74% |          44      2.84%     31.57% |          44      2.84%     34.41% |          44      2.84%     37.24% |          46      2.96%     40.21% |          44      2.84%     43.04% |          46      2.96%     46.01% |          44      2.84%     48.84% |          44      2.84%     51.68% |          44      2.84%     54.51% |          46      2.96%     57.47% |          44      2.84%     60.31% |          44      2.84%     63.14% |          44      2.84%     65.98% |          44      2.84%     68.81% |          44      2.84%     71.65% |          44      2.84%     74.48% |          44      2.84%     77.32% |          44      2.84%     80.15% |          44      2.84%     82.99% |          44      2.84%     85.82% |          44      2.84%     88.66% |          44      2.84%     91.49% |          44      2.84%     94.33% |          44      2.84%     97.16% |          44      2.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1552                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         505      3.21%      3.21% |         450      2.86%      6.07% |         448      2.85%      8.92% |         446      2.84%     11.75% |         474      3.01%     14.77% |         428      2.72%     17.49% |         466      2.96%     20.45% |         489      3.11%     23.56% |         519      3.30%     26.86% |         449      2.85%     29.71% |         481      3.06%     32.77% |         493      3.13%     35.91% |         588      3.74%     39.64% |         511      3.25%     42.89% |         499      3.17%     46.06% |         502      3.19%     49.26% |         504      3.20%     52.46% |         525      3.34%     55.80% |         516      3.28%     59.08% |         478      3.04%     62.12% |         462      2.94%     65.05% |         499      3.17%     68.23% |         467      2.97%     71.20% |         446      2.84%     74.03% |         512      3.25%     77.29% |         554      3.52%     80.81% |         499      3.17%     83.98% |         456      2.90%     86.88% |         454      2.89%     89.76% |         551      3.50%     93.27% |         540      3.43%     96.70% |         519      3.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        15730                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       52631      3.74%      3.74% |       43979      3.12%      6.86% |       43911      3.12%      9.98% |       43642      3.10%     13.07% |       43660      3.10%     16.17% |       43723      3.10%     19.28% |       43751      3.11%     22.38% |       43856      3.11%     25.50% |       43925      3.12%     28.61% |       44146      3.13%     31.75% |       44066      3.13%     34.88% |       43877      3.11%     37.99% |       43894      3.12%     41.11% |       43843      3.11%     44.22% |       43851      3.11%     47.33% |       43768      3.11%     50.44% |       43747      3.11%     53.54% |       43855      3.11%     56.66% |       43707      3.10%     59.76% |       43509      3.09%     62.85% |       43539      3.09%     65.94% |       43794      3.11%     69.05% |       43572      3.09%     72.14% |       43583      3.09%     75.24% |       43573      3.09%     78.33% |       43792      3.11%     81.44% |       43564      3.09%     84.53% |       43443      3.08%     87.61% |       43550      3.09%     90.71% |       43586      3.09%     93.80% |       43587      3.09%     96.89% |       43746      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total      1408670                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       37588      3.14%      3.14% |       37489      3.13%      6.28% |       37414      3.13%      9.41% |       37295      3.12%     12.52% |       37236      3.11%     15.64% |       37255      3.11%     18.75% |       37312      3.12%     21.87% |       37407      3.13%     25.00% |       37397      3.13%     28.12% |       37438      3.13%     31.26% |       37379      3.13%     34.38% |       37323      3.12%     37.50% |       37258      3.12%     40.62% |       37346      3.12%     43.74% |       37386      3.13%     46.86% |       37461      3.13%     50.00% |       37456      3.13%     53.13% |       37451      3.13%     56.26% |       37375      3.12%     59.38% |       37245      3.11%     62.50% |       37278      3.12%     65.61% |       37375      3.12%     68.74% |       37317      3.12%     71.86% |       37375      3.12%     74.98% |       37456      3.13%     78.12% |       37463      3.13%     81.25% |       37370      3.12%     84.37% |       37318      3.12%     87.49% |       37249      3.11%     90.61% |       37361      3.12%     93.73% |       37459      3.13%     96.86% |       37532      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total      1196064                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |          15      2.75%      2.75% |          16      2.93%      5.68% |          18      3.30%      8.97% |          20      3.66%     12.64% |          16      2.93%     15.57% |          22      4.03%     19.60% |          17      3.11%     22.71% |          16      2.93%     25.64% |          12      2.20%     27.84% |          15      2.75%     30.59% |          13      2.38%     32.97% |          16      2.93%     35.90% |          16      2.93%     38.83% |          14      2.56%     41.39% |          12      2.20%     43.59% |          14      2.56%     46.15% |          13      2.38%     48.53% |          23      4.21%     52.75% |          16      2.93%     55.68% |          20      3.66%     59.34% |          19      3.48%     62.82% |          22      4.03%     66.85% |          20      3.66%     70.51% |          12      2.20%     72.71% |          17      3.11%     75.82% |          21      3.85%     79.67% |          20      3.66%     83.33% |          26      4.76%     88.10% |          16      2.93%     91.03% |          15      2.75%     93.77% |          21      3.85%     97.62% |          13      2.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total          546                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3408      3.08%      3.08% |        3341      3.02%      6.10% |        3069      2.77%      8.88% |        3085      2.79%     11.67% |        3144      2.84%     14.51% |        3651      3.30%     17.81% |        3339      3.02%     20.83% |        2884      2.61%     23.44% |        3153      2.85%     26.29% |        4768      4.31%     30.60% |        3564      3.22%     33.82% |        3368      3.05%     36.87% |        3111      2.81%     39.68% |        3900      3.53%     43.21% |        3433      3.10%     46.31% |        3324      3.01%     49.31% |        3744      3.39%     52.70% |        3696      3.34%     56.04% |        3168      2.86%     58.91% |        2865      2.59%     61.50% |        2661      2.41%     63.90% |        3277      2.96%     66.87% |        3102      2.80%     69.67% |        2972      2.69%     72.36% |        3164      2.86%     75.22% |        3274      2.96%     78.18% |        2806      2.54%     80.72% |        4297      3.89%     84.60% |        3582      3.24%     87.84% |        4803      4.34%     92.18% |        4645      4.20%     96.38% |        4002      3.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110600                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        2573      3.08%      3.08% |        2483      2.98%      6.06% |        2350      2.82%      8.88% |        2422      2.90%     11.78% |        2424      2.91%     14.68% |        2832      3.39%     18.08% |        2375      2.85%     20.92% |        2358      2.83%     23.75% |        2299      2.76%     26.51% |        2333      2.80%     29.30% |        2285      2.74%     32.04% |        2348      2.81%     34.85% |        2347      2.81%     37.67% |        2497      2.99%     40.66% |        2473      2.96%     43.62% |        2659      3.19%     46.81% |        2621      3.14%     49.95% |        2709      3.25%     53.20% |        2631      3.15%     56.35% |        2796      3.35%     59.70% |        2760      3.31%     63.01% |        2875      3.45%     66.46% |        2756      3.30%     69.76% |        2938      3.52%     73.28% |        2904      3.48%     76.76% |        2860      3.43%     80.19% |        2726      3.27%     83.45% |        2895      3.47%     86.92% |        2756      3.30%     90.23% |        2789      3.34%     93.57% |        2686      3.22%     96.79% |        2679      3.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total        83439                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           2     10.00%     15.00% |           1      5.00%     20.00% |           1      5.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1      5.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           2     10.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           5     25.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           4     20.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           4     22.22%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           4     22.22%     50.00% |           2     11.11%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           2     11.11%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2     11.11%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |          20      1.90%      1.90% |          18      1.71%      3.62% |          25      2.38%      5.99% |          19      1.81%      7.80% |          19      1.81%      9.61% |          30      2.85%     12.46% |          19      1.81%     14.27% |          31      2.95%     17.22% |          26      2.47%     19.70% |          31      2.95%     22.65% |          29      2.76%     25.40% |          27      2.57%     27.97% |          34      3.24%     31.21% |          40      3.81%     35.01% |          39      3.71%     38.73% |          40      3.81%     42.53% |          27      2.57%     45.10% |          38      3.62%     48.72% |          40      3.81%     52.52% |          44      4.19%     56.71% |          37      3.52%     60.23% |          40      3.81%     64.03% |          41      3.90%     67.94% |          49      4.66%     72.60% |          38      3.62%     76.21% |          37      3.52%     79.73% |          43      4.09%     83.82% |          58      5.52%     89.34% |          36      3.43%     92.77% |          32      3.04%     95.81% |          20      1.90%     97.72% |          24      2.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total         1051                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           1      5.00%     10.00% |           1      5.00%     15.00% |           1      5.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           3     15.00%     35.00% |           2     10.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           1      5.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      5.00%     55.00% |           0      0.00%     55.00% |           1      5.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1      5.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           2     10.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     10.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |        2384      3.05%      3.05% |        2274      2.91%      5.97% |        2280      2.92%      8.89% |        2209      2.83%     11.72% |        2308      2.96%     14.67% |        2258      2.89%     17.57% |        2300      2.95%     20.51% |        2264      2.90%     23.41% |        2342      3.00%     26.41% |        2266      2.90%     29.32% |        2344      3.00%     32.32% |        2334      2.99%     35.31% |        2533      3.24%     38.55% |        2438      3.12%     41.68% |        2484      3.18%     44.86% |        2488      3.19%     48.05% |        2503      3.21%     51.25% |        2535      3.25%     54.50% |        2560      3.28%     57.78% |        2558      3.28%     61.06% |        2603      3.33%     64.39% |        2625      3.36%     67.76% |        2571      3.29%     71.05% |        2513      3.22%     74.27% |        2559      3.28%     77.55% |        2557      3.28%     80.82% |        2504      3.21%     84.03% |        2464      3.16%     87.19% |        2528      3.24%     90.43% |        2592      3.32%     93.75% |        2495      3.20%     96.94% |        2387      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        78060                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      6.17%      6.17% |           4      4.94%     11.11% |           2      2.47%     13.58% |           4      4.94%     18.52% |           3      3.70%     22.22% |           8      9.88%     32.10% |           3      3.70%     35.80% |           0      0.00%     35.80% |           0      0.00%     35.80% |           2      2.47%     38.27% |           2      2.47%     40.74% |           2      2.47%     43.21% |           4      4.94%     48.15% |           0      0.00%     48.15% |           6      7.41%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |          11     13.58%     69.14% |           4      4.94%     74.07% |           2      2.47%     76.54% |           1      1.23%     77.78% |           2      2.47%     80.25% |           2      2.47%     82.72% |           6      7.41%     90.12% |           1      1.23%     91.36% |           3      3.70%     95.06% |           0      0.00%     95.06% |           2      2.47%     97.53% |           0      0.00%     97.53% |           2      2.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           81                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |      101666      8.80%      8.80% |       34374      2.97%     11.77% |       33276      2.88%     14.65% |       34682      3.00%     17.65% |       33782      2.92%     20.57% |       33149      2.87%     23.44% |       32995      2.85%     26.29% |       32957      2.85%     29.14% |       33112      2.86%     32.01% |       33169      2.87%     34.88% |       35029      3.03%     37.91% |       34597      2.99%     40.90% |       33470      2.90%     43.80% |       33278      2.88%     46.68% |       32522      2.81%     49.49% |       32532      2.81%     52.31% |       33478      2.90%     55.20% |       32752      2.83%     58.03% |       33273      2.88%     60.91% |       33521      2.90%     63.81% |       33353      2.89%     66.70% |       41314      3.57%     70.27% |       40141      3.47%     73.75% |       32670      2.83%     76.57% |       32777      2.84%     79.41% |       33246      2.88%     82.28% |       32881      2.84%     85.13% |       32709      2.83%     87.96% |       33375      2.89%     90.85% |       32652      2.82%     93.67% |       33692      2.91%     96.59% |       39466      3.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total      1155890                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       27148      6.07%      6.07% |       13116      2.93%      9.01% |       13132      2.94%     11.94% |       14284      3.20%     15.14% |       13107      2.93%     18.07% |       12847      2.87%     20.95% |       13088      2.93%     23.87% |       12498      2.80%     26.67% |       12677      2.84%     29.50% |       13007      2.91%     32.41% |       13138      2.94%     35.35% |       12748      2.85%     38.20% |       12673      2.83%     41.04% |       13107      2.93%     43.97% |       12427      2.78%     46.75% |       12445      2.78%     49.54% |       12505      2.80%     52.33% |       13014      2.91%     55.24% |       13022      2.91%     58.16% |       13162      2.94%     61.10% |       13367      2.99%     64.09% |       19473      4.36%     68.45% |       14692      3.29%     71.73% |       12853      2.88%     74.61% |       13186      2.95%     77.56% |       12819      2.87%     80.43% |       13215      2.96%     83.38% |       13273      2.97%     86.35% |       13887      3.11%     89.46% |       13536      3.03%     92.49% |       16160      3.61%     96.10% |       17433      3.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       447039                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       44768      3.86%      3.86% |       36090      3.11%      6.96% |       36087      3.11%     10.07% |       35946      3.10%     13.17% |       35857      3.09%     16.26% |       35919      3.09%     19.35% |       36004      3.10%     22.45% |       36048      3.11%     25.56% |       35981      3.10%     28.66% |       36093      3.11%     31.77% |       36030      3.10%     34.87% |       35945      3.10%     37.97% |       35855      3.09%     41.05% |       36054      3.11%     44.16% |       36044      3.10%     47.26% |       36082      3.11%     50.37% |       36066      3.11%     53.48% |       36057      3.11%     56.58% |       36047      3.10%     59.69% |       35880      3.09%     62.78% |       35816      3.09%     65.87% |       35979      3.10%     68.96% |       35993      3.10%     72.06% |       36018      3.10%     75.17% |       36039      3.10%     78.27% |       36074      3.11%     81.38% |       36036      3.10%     84.48% |       35967      3.10%     87.58% |       35891      3.09%     90.67% |       36032      3.10%     93.78% |       36110      3.11%     96.89% |       36150      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total      1160958                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       39287      3.15%      3.15% |       39362      3.15%      6.30% |       39253      3.15%      9.45% |       39086      3.13%     12.58% |       39018      3.13%     15.71% |       39056      3.13%     18.84% |       39068      3.13%     21.97% |       39242      3.15%     25.12% |       39305      3.15%     28.27% |       39506      3.17%     31.43% |       39288      3.15%     34.58% |       39215      3.14%     37.73% |       39109      3.13%     40.86% |       39058      3.13%     43.99% |       39052      3.13%     47.12% |       38987      3.12%     50.25% |       38910      3.12%     53.37% |       39114      3.14%     56.50% |       38902      3.12%     59.62% |       38671      3.10%     62.72% |       38637      3.10%     65.82% |       38683      3.10%     68.92% |       38606      3.09%     72.01% |       38715      3.10%     75.11% |       38713      3.10%     78.22% |       38993      3.13%     81.34% |       38773      3.11%     84.45% |       38716      3.10%     87.55% |       38708      3.10%     90.65% |       38742      3.11%     93.76% |       38787      3.11%     96.87% |       39064      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total      1247626                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          33      4.60%      4.60% |          23      3.21%      7.81% |          22      3.07%     10.88% |          23      3.21%     14.09% |          22      3.07%     17.15% |          22      3.07%     20.22% |          22      3.07%     23.29% |          21      2.93%     26.22% |          22      3.07%     29.29% |          21      2.93%     32.22% |          23      3.21%     35.43% |          22      3.07%     38.49% |          23      3.21%     41.70% |          22      3.07%     44.77% |          22      3.07%     47.84% |          22      3.07%     50.91% |          23      3.21%     54.11% |          22      3.07%     57.18% |          22      3.07%     60.25% |          22      3.07%     63.32% |          22      3.07%     66.39% |          22      3.07%     69.46% |          22      3.07%     72.52% |          21      2.93%     75.45% |          22      3.07%     78.52% |          22      3.07%     81.59% |          22      3.07%     84.66% |          22      3.07%     87.73% |          22      3.07%     90.79% |          22      3.07%     93.86% |          22      3.07%     96.93% |          22      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          717                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        1403      3.01%      3.01% |        1370      2.94%      5.95% |        1362      2.92%      8.87% |        1295      2.78%     11.65% |        1364      2.93%     14.57% |        1385      2.97%     17.54% |        1374      2.95%     20.49% |        1347      2.89%     23.38% |        1371      2.94%     26.32% |        1373      2.94%     29.26% |        1451      3.11%     32.38% |        1396      2.99%     35.37% |        1405      3.01%     38.38% |        1431      3.07%     41.45% |        1492      3.20%     44.65% |        1457      3.13%     47.78% |        1432      3.07%     50.85% |        1514      3.25%     54.10% |        1595      3.42%     57.52% |        1605      3.44%     60.96% |        1608      3.45%     64.41% |        1564      3.35%     67.76% |        1609      3.45%     71.22% |        1487      3.19%     74.41% |        1434      3.08%     77.48% |        1475      3.16%     80.64% |        1499      3.22%     83.86% |        1490      3.20%     87.06% |        1589      3.41%     90.46% |        1553      3.33%     93.79% |        1486      3.19%     96.98% |        1407      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total        46623                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      3.70%      3.70% |           0      0.00%      3.70% |           1      1.85%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           1      1.85%      7.41% |           0      0.00%      7.41% |           0      0.00%      7.41% |           2      3.70%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           2      3.70%     14.81% |           0      0.00%     14.81% |           2      3.70%     18.52% |           0      0.00%     18.52% |           2      3.70%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           2      3.70%     25.93% |           0      0.00%     25.93% |           0      0.00%     25.93% |           0      0.00%     25.93% |           3      5.56%     31.48% |           2      3.70%     35.19% |           2      3.70%     38.89% |           2      3.70%     42.59% |           5      9.26%     51.85% |           3      5.56%     57.41% |           5      9.26%     66.67% |           1      1.85%     68.52% |           2      3.70%     72.22% |           2      3.70%     75.93% |           8     14.81%     90.74% |           5      9.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      213814      5.29%      5.29% |      123868      3.07%      8.36% |      122679      3.04%     11.39% |      124921      3.09%     14.49% |      122699      3.04%     17.52% |      121892      3.02%     20.54% |      122080      3.02%     23.56% |      121638      3.01%     26.57% |      121976      3.02%     29.59% |      122664      3.04%     32.63% |      124392      3.08%     35.70% |      123403      3.05%     38.76% |      122018      3.02%     41.78% |      122381      3.03%     44.81% |      120938      2.99%     47.80% |      120915      2.99%     50.79% |      121838      3.02%     53.81% |      121807      3.01%     56.82% |      122147      3.02%     59.85% |      122130      3.02%     62.87% |      122068      3.02%     65.89% |      136343      3.37%     69.26% |      130329      3.23%     72.49% |      121152      3.00%     75.49% |      121625      3.01%     78.50% |      122025      3.02%     81.52% |      121824      3.02%     84.53% |      121578      3.01%     87.54% |      122789      3.04%     90.58% |      121886      3.02%     93.60% |      125682      3.11%     96.71% |      133035      3.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      4040536                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |         569      3.21%      3.21% |         588      3.32%      6.53% |         525      2.97%      9.50% |         572      3.23%     12.73% |         560      3.16%     15.89% |         518      2.93%     18.82% |         496      2.80%     21.62% |         547      3.09%     24.71% |         572      3.23%     27.94% |         547      3.09%     31.03% |         547      3.09%     34.12% |         572      3.23%     37.35% |         559      3.16%     40.51% |         507      2.86%     43.37% |         521      2.94%     46.31% |         552      3.12%     49.43% |         582      3.29%     52.72% |         582      3.29%     56.01% |         564      3.19%     59.19% |         578      3.26%     62.46% |         574      3.24%     65.70% |         524      2.96%     68.66% |         518      2.93%     71.58% |         539      3.04%     74.63% |         600      3.39%     78.02% |         579      3.27%     81.29% |         552      3.12%     84.41% |         597      3.37%     87.78% |         573      3.24%     91.01% |         519      2.93%     93.95% |         508      2.87%     96.81% |         564      3.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total        17705                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |        2602      3.15%      3.15% |        2556      3.10%      6.25% |        2581      3.13%      9.37% |        2522      3.06%     12.43% |        2581      3.13%     15.56% |        2606      3.16%     18.71% |        2613      3.17%     21.88% |        2605      3.16%     25.03% |        2595      3.14%     28.18% |        2574      3.12%     31.30% |        2670      3.23%     34.53% |        2581      3.13%     37.66% |        2636      3.19%     40.85% |        2597      3.15%     44.00% |        2588      3.14%     47.13% |        2576      3.12%     50.25% |        2599      3.15%     53.40% |        2497      3.02%     56.42% |        2478      3.00%     59.43% |        2499      3.03%     62.45% |        2603      3.15%     65.61% |        2809      3.40%     69.01% |        2622      3.18%     72.19% |        2573      3.12%     75.30% |        2582      3.13%     78.43% |        2560      3.10%     81.53% |        2521      3.05%     84.59% |        2427      2.94%     87.53% |        2507      3.04%     90.56% |        2567      3.11%     93.67% |        2640      3.20%     96.87% |        2584      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total        82551                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56     94.92%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           1      1.69%     96.61% |           0      0.00%     96.61% |           1      1.69%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           1      1.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           59                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          17      8.76%      8.76% |           0      0.00%      8.76% |           0      0.00%      8.76% |           0      0.00%      8.76% |          41     21.13%     29.90% |           0      0.00%     29.90% |           0      0.00%     29.90% |           0      0.00%     29.90% |           0      0.00%     29.90% |           0      0.00%     29.90% |           0      0.00%     29.90% |           0      0.00%     29.90% |           0      0.00%     29.90% |           0      0.00%     29.90% |           0      0.00%     29.90% |           0      0.00%     29.90% |           0      0.00%     29.90% |           0      0.00%     29.90% |           0      0.00%     29.90% |           0      0.00%     29.90% |           0      0.00%     29.90% |          49     25.26%     55.15% |          46     23.71%     78.87% |          41     21.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total          194                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |          30      2.44%      2.44% |          26      2.11%      4.55% |          27      2.20%      6.75% |          29      2.36%      9.11% |          22      1.79%     10.89% |          20      1.63%     12.52% |          28      2.28%     14.80% |          36      2.93%     17.72% |          26      2.11%     19.84% |          43      3.50%     23.33% |          63      5.12%     28.46% |          41      3.33%     31.79% |          45      3.66%     35.45% |          36      2.93%     38.37% |          30      2.44%     40.81% |          50      4.07%     44.88% |          38      3.09%     47.97% |          36      2.93%     50.89% |          34      2.76%     53.66% |          32      2.60%     56.26% |          31      2.52%     58.78% |         152     12.36%     71.14% |          49      3.98%     75.12% |          70      5.69%     80.81% |          39      3.17%     83.98% |          36      2.93%     86.91% |          45      3.66%     90.57% |          38      3.09%     93.66% |          19      1.54%     95.20% |          15      1.22%     96.42% |          24      1.95%     98.37% |          20      1.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total         1230                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |          18      3.50%      3.50% |          15      2.92%      6.42% |          12      2.33%      8.75% |          10      1.95%     10.70% |          14      2.72%     13.42% |          16      3.11%     16.54% |           9      1.75%     18.29% |          15      2.92%     21.21% |          12      2.33%     23.54% |          17      3.31%     26.85% |           9      1.75%     28.60% |          11      2.14%     30.74% |          14      2.72%     33.46% |          18      3.50%     36.96% |          10      1.95%     38.91% |          21      4.09%     43.00% |          15      2.92%     45.91% |          20      3.89%     49.81% |           8      1.56%     51.36% |          15      2.92%     54.28% |          68     13.23%     67.51% |          22      4.28%     71.79% |          20      3.89%     75.68% |          23      4.47%     80.16% |          16      3.11%     83.27% |          16      3.11%     86.38% |          20      3.89%     90.27% |          14      2.72%     93.00% |           9      1.75%     94.75% |          18      3.50%     98.25% |           6      1.17%     99.42% |           3      0.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total          514                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old |           1      0.75%      0.75% |           3      2.26%      3.01% |           4      3.01%      6.02% |           4      3.01%      9.02% |           6      4.51%     13.53% |           1      0.75%     14.29% |           2      1.50%     15.79% |           3      2.26%     18.05% |           3      2.26%     20.30% |           3      2.26%     22.56% |           1      0.75%     23.31% |           9      6.77%     30.08% |           5      3.76%     33.83% |           3      2.26%     36.09% |           4      3.01%     39.10% |           1      0.75%     39.85% |          10      7.52%     47.37% |           2      1.50%     48.87% |           5      3.76%     52.63% |           3      2.26%     54.89% |           2      1.50%     56.39% |           8      6.02%     62.41% |           6      4.51%     66.92% |           4      3.01%     69.92% |           7      5.26%     75.19% |           9      6.77%     81.95% |           7      5.26%     87.22% |           4      3.01%     90.23% |           5      3.76%     93.98% |           1      0.75%     94.74% |           4      3.01%     97.74% |           3      2.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old::total          133                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       89700      3.47%      3.47% |       80894      3.13%      6.59% |       80749      3.12%      9.71% |       80359      3.11%     12.82% |       80346      3.10%     15.92% |       80382      3.11%     19.03% |       80505      3.11%     22.14% |       80728      3.12%     25.26% |       80817      3.12%     28.38% |       81009      3.13%     31.51% |       80902      3.13%     34.64% |       80669      3.12%     37.76% |       80716      3.12%     40.88% |       80676      3.12%     43.99% |       80712      3.12%     47.11% |       80707      3.12%     50.23% |       80683      3.12%     53.35% |       80807      3.12%     56.47% |       80574      3.11%     59.59% |       80208      3.10%     62.69% |       80255      3.10%     65.79% |       80644      3.12%     68.90% |       80331      3.10%     72.01% |       80380      3.11%     75.12% |       80517      3.11%     78.23% |       80785      3.12%     81.35% |       80409      3.11%     84.46% |       80192      3.10%     87.56% |       80229      3.10%     90.66% |       80474      3.11%     93.77% |       80562      3.11%     96.88% |       80773      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      2587694                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          33      4.60%      4.60% |          23      3.21%      7.81% |          22      3.07%     10.88% |          23      3.21%     14.09% |          22      3.07%     17.15% |          22      3.07%     20.22% |          22      3.07%     23.29% |          21      2.93%     26.22% |          22      3.07%     29.29% |          21      2.93%     32.22% |          23      3.21%     35.43% |          22      3.07%     38.49% |          23      3.21%     41.70% |          22      3.07%     44.77% |          22      3.07%     47.84% |          22      3.07%     50.91% |          23      3.21%     54.11% |          22      3.07%     57.18% |          22      3.07%     60.25% |          22      3.07%     63.32% |          22      3.07%     66.39% |          22      3.07%     69.46% |          22      3.07%     72.52% |          21      2.93%     75.45% |          22      3.07%     78.52% |          22      3.07%     81.59% |          22      3.07%     84.66% |          22      3.07%     87.73% |          22      3.07%     90.79% |          22      3.07%     93.86% |          22      3.07%     96.93% |          22      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          717                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           4      4.49%      4.49% |           1      1.12%      5.62% |           3      3.37%      8.99% |           2      2.25%     11.24% |           4      4.49%     15.73% |           1      1.12%     16.85% |           2      2.25%     19.10% |           0      0.00%     19.10% |           4      4.49%     23.60% |           3      3.37%     26.97% |           3      3.37%     30.34% |           2      2.25%     32.58% |           3      3.37%     35.96% |           2      2.25%     38.20% |           3      3.37%     41.57% |           0      0.00%     41.57% |           2      2.25%     43.82% |           4      4.49%     48.31% |           4      4.49%     52.81% |           0      0.00%     52.81% |           5      5.62%     58.43% |           5      5.62%     64.04% |           4      4.49%     68.54% |           1      1.12%     69.66% |           3      3.37%     73.03% |           2      2.25%     75.28% |           2      2.25%     77.53% |           3      3.37%     80.90% |           4      4.49%     85.39% |           6      6.74%     92.13% |           5      5.62%     97.75% |           2      2.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total           89                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |         622      3.51%      3.51% |         586      3.31%      6.82% |         524      2.96%      9.78% |         570      3.22%     13.00% |         559      3.16%     16.15% |         518      2.92%     19.08% |         495      2.79%     21.87% |         545      3.08%     24.95% |         571      3.22%     28.17% |         546      3.08%     31.26% |         544      3.07%     34.33% |         570      3.22%     37.55% |         559      3.16%     40.70% |         506      2.86%     43.56% |         520      2.94%     46.50% |         551      3.11%     49.61% |         582      3.29%     52.89% |         580      3.27%     56.17% |         563      3.18%     59.35% |         577      3.26%     62.61% |         572      3.23%     65.83% |         521      2.94%     68.78% |         515      2.91%     71.68% |         536      3.03%     74.71% |         598      3.38%     78.09% |         577      3.26%     81.34% |         552      3.12%     84.46% |         596      3.37%     87.83% |         570      3.22%     91.05% |         518      2.92%     93.97% |         508      2.87%     96.84% |         560      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total        17711                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      5.77%      5.77% |           2      3.85%      9.62% |           1      1.92%     11.54% |           2      3.85%     15.38% |           1      1.92%     17.31% |           0      0.00%     17.31% |           1      1.92%     19.23% |           3      5.77%     25.00% |           1      1.92%     26.92% |           2      3.85%     30.77% |           3      5.77%     36.54% |           2      3.85%     40.38% |           0      0.00%     40.38% |           1      1.92%     42.31% |           1      1.92%     44.23% |           1      1.92%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           2      3.85%     50.00% |           1      1.92%     51.92% |           1      1.92%     53.85% |           2      3.85%     57.69% |           3      5.77%     63.46% |           3      5.77%     69.23% |           4      7.69%     76.92% |           2      3.85%     80.77% |           2      3.85%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           3      5.77%     90.38% |           1      1.92%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           4      7.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           52                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56     94.92%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           1      1.69%     96.61% |           0      0.00%     96.61% |           1      1.69%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           1      1.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           59                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      5.00%      5.00% |           0      0.00%      5.00% |           0      0.00%      5.00% |           0      0.00%      5.00% |           0      0.00%      5.00% |           0      0.00%      5.00% |           0      0.00%      5.00% |           0      0.00%      5.00% |           0      0.00%      5.00% |           5     12.50%     17.50% |           0      0.00%     17.50% |           0      0.00%     17.50% |           0      0.00%     17.50% |           1      2.50%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           1      2.50%     22.50% |           0      0.00%     22.50% |          27     67.50%     90.00% |           1      2.50%     92.50% |           1      2.50%     95.00% |           1      2.50%     97.50% |           1      2.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total           40                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          15     21.13%     21.13% |          56     78.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           71                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |          10      2.75%      2.75% |          14      3.85%      6.59% |          12      3.30%      9.89% |          16      4.40%     14.29% |          12      3.30%     17.58% |          14      3.85%     21.43% |          14      3.85%     25.27% |          16      4.40%     29.67% |           8      2.20%     31.87% |          11      3.02%     34.89% |           5      1.37%     36.26% |          11      3.02%     39.29% |          13      3.57%     42.86% |          11      3.02%     45.88% |           6      1.65%     47.53% |          11      3.02%     50.55% |          10      2.75%     53.30% |          15      4.12%     57.42% |           8      2.20%     59.62% |          14      3.85%     63.46% |          11      3.02%     66.48% |          11      3.02%     69.51% |          12      3.30%     72.80% |           9      2.47%     75.27% |          11      3.02%     78.30% |          14      3.85%     82.14% |          13      3.57%     85.71% |          19      5.22%     90.93% |           7      1.92%     92.86% |           8      2.20%     95.05% |          12      3.30%     98.35% |           6      1.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total          364                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |         634      3.24%      3.24% |         605      3.10%      6.34% |         597      3.06%      9.40% |         564      2.89%     12.28% |         594      3.04%     15.32% |         594      3.04%     18.36% |         590      3.02%     21.38% |         603      3.09%     24.47% |         639      3.27%     27.74% |         600      3.07%     30.81% |         609      3.12%     33.93% |         587      3.00%     36.93% |         622      3.18%     40.11% |         577      2.95%     43.07% |         604      3.09%     46.16% |         614      3.14%     49.30% |         613      3.14%     52.44% |         614      3.14%     55.58% |         575      2.94%     58.52% |         607      3.11%     61.63% |         681      3.49%     65.11% |         705      3.61%     68.72% |         628      3.21%     71.93% |         627      3.21%     75.14% |         613      3.14%     78.28% |         628      3.21%     81.49% |         588      3.01%     84.50% |         563      2.88%     87.38% |         599      3.07%     90.45% |         615      3.15%     93.60% |         631      3.23%     96.83% |         620      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total        19540                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |           7      2.22%      2.22% |          12      3.80%      6.01% |          11      3.48%      9.49% |          12      3.80%     13.29% |          12      3.80%     17.09% |          10      3.16%     20.25% |          13      4.11%     24.37% |          12      3.80%     28.16% |           5      1.58%     29.75% |           8      2.53%     32.28% |           6      1.90%     34.18% |           9      2.85%     37.03% |           7      2.22%     39.24% |           8      2.53%     41.77% |           6      1.90%     43.67% |           5      1.58%     45.25% |          12      3.80%     49.05% |          12      3.80%     52.85% |           8      2.53%     55.38% |          15      4.75%     60.13% |           8      2.53%     62.66% |          12      3.80%     66.46% |          11      3.48%     69.94% |           5      1.58%     71.52% |          11      3.48%     75.00% |          17      5.38%     80.38% |          15      4.75%     85.13% |          16      5.06%     90.19% |           9      2.85%     93.04% |           7      2.22%     95.25% |           9      2.85%     98.10% |           6      1.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total          316                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |        1961      3.13%      3.13% |        1939      3.09%      6.22% |        1973      3.15%      9.37% |        1946      3.10%     12.47% |        1975      3.15%     15.62% |        2002      3.19%     18.81% |        2010      3.21%     22.02% |        1990      3.17%     25.19% |        1951      3.11%     28.31% |        1966      3.14%     31.44% |        2055      3.28%     34.72% |        1985      3.17%     37.89% |        2007      3.20%     41.09% |        2012      3.21%     44.30% |        1978      3.15%     47.45% |        1957      3.12%     50.57% |        1974      3.15%     53.72% |        1871      2.98%     56.71% |        1895      3.02%     59.73% |        1877      2.99%     62.72% |        1914      3.05%     65.78% |        2092      3.34%     69.11% |        1983      3.16%     72.28% |        1941      3.10%     75.37% |        1958      3.12%     78.49% |        1915      3.05%     81.55% |        1918      3.06%     84.61% |        1848      2.95%     87.56% |        1899      3.03%     90.58% |        1945      3.10%     93.69% |        2000      3.19%     96.88% |        1958      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total        62695                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           4     66.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     11.11%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           1      3.70%     14.81% |           0      0.00%     14.81% |           3     11.11%     25.93% |           0      0.00%     25.93% |           2      7.41%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           3     11.11%     44.44% |           1      3.70%     48.15% |           1      3.70%     51.85% |           0      0.00%     51.85% |           1      3.70%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           2      7.41%     62.96% |           2      7.41%     70.37% |           0      0.00%     70.37% |           0      0.00%     70.37% |           2      7.41%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           2      7.41%     85.19% |           0      0.00%     85.19% |           1      3.70%     88.89% |           3     11.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS::total           27                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |        1959      3.02%      3.02% |        1886      2.90%      5.92% |        1920      2.96%      8.87% |        1813      2.79%     11.66% |        1945      2.99%     14.66% |        1885      2.90%     17.56% |        1928      2.97%     20.53% |        1842      2.84%     23.36% |        1912      2.94%     26.30% |        1878      2.89%     29.19% |        1956      3.01%     32.21% |        1895      2.92%     35.12% |        2054      3.16%     38.28% |        1988      3.06%     41.34% |        2071      3.19%     44.53% |        2048      3.15%     47.68% |        2112      3.25%     50.93% |        2085      3.21%     54.14% |        2133      3.28%     57.43% |        2154      3.32%     60.74% |        2256      3.47%     64.21% |        2204      3.39%     67.61% |        2194      3.38%     70.98% |        2129      3.28%     74.26% |        2171      3.34%     77.60% |        2080      3.20%     80.80% |        2107      3.24%     84.05% |        2080      3.20%     87.25% |        2184      3.36%     90.61% |        2106      3.24%     93.85% |        2062      3.17%     97.02% |        1934      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total        64971                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |        2384      3.05%      3.05% |        2274      2.91%      5.97% |        2280      2.92%      8.89% |        2209      2.83%     11.72% |        2308      2.96%     14.67% |        2258      2.89%     17.57% |        2300      2.95%     20.51% |        2264      2.90%     23.41% |        2342      3.00%     26.41% |        2266      2.90%     29.32% |        2344      3.00%     32.32% |        2334      2.99%     35.31% |        2533      3.24%     38.55% |        2438      3.12%     41.68% |        2484      3.18%     44.86% |        2488      3.19%     48.05% |        2503      3.21%     51.25% |        2535      3.25%     54.50% |        2560      3.28%     57.78% |        2558      3.28%     61.06% |        2603      3.33%     64.39% |        2625      3.36%     67.76% |        2571      3.29%     71.05% |        2513      3.22%     74.27% |        2559      3.28%     77.55% |        2557      3.28%     80.82% |        2504      3.21%     84.03% |        2464      3.16%     87.19% |        2528      3.24%     90.43% |        2592      3.32%     93.75% |        2495      3.20%     96.94% |        2387      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        78060                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           1      5.00%     10.00% |           1      5.00%     15.00% |           1      5.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           3     15.00%     35.00% |           2     10.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           1      5.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      5.00%     55.00% |           0      0.00%     55.00% |           1      5.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1      5.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           2     10.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     10.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |         475      2.84%      2.84% |         453      2.71%      5.55% |         472      2.83%      8.38% |         469      2.81%     11.19% |         471      2.82%     14.01% |         449      2.69%     16.69% |         476      2.85%     19.54% |         457      2.74%     22.28% |         487      2.91%     25.19% |         486      2.91%     28.10% |         444      2.66%     30.76% |         478      2.86%     33.62% |         582      3.48%     37.10% |         547      3.27%     40.38% |         553      3.31%     43.69% |         596      3.57%     47.26% |         637      3.81%     51.07% |         565      3.38%     54.45% |         507      3.03%     57.48% |         526      3.15%     60.63% |         586      3.51%     64.14% |         617      3.69%     67.83% |         547      3.27%     71.11% |         616      3.69%     74.79% |         649      3.88%     78.68% |         560      3.35%     82.03% |         531      3.18%     85.21% |         535      3.20%     88.41% |         498      2.98%     91.39% |         497      2.97%     94.37% |         476      2.85%     97.22% |         465      2.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total        16707                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L2_Replacement_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     14.29%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           1     14.29%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1     14.29%     42.86% |           1     14.29%     57.14% |           1     14.29%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1     14.29%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L2_Replacement_clean::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       52156      3.75%      3.75% |       43526      3.13%      6.87% |       43439      3.12%      9.99% |       43173      3.10%     13.10% |       43189      3.10%     16.20% |       43274      3.11%     19.31% |       43275      3.11%     22.42% |       43399      3.12%     25.53% |       43438      3.12%     28.66% |       43660      3.14%     31.79% |       43622      3.13%     34.93% |       43399      3.12%     38.04% |       43312      3.11%     41.15% |       43296      3.11%     44.27% |       43298      3.11%     47.38% |       43172      3.10%     50.48% |       43110      3.10%     53.57% |       43290      3.11%     56.68% |       43200      3.10%     59.79% |       42983      3.09%     62.88% |       42953      3.09%     65.96% |       43177      3.10%     69.06% |       43025      3.09%     72.15% |       42967      3.09%     75.24% |       42924      3.08%     78.33% |       43232      3.11%     81.43% |       43033      3.09%     84.52% |       42908      3.08%     87.61% |       43052      3.09%     90.70% |       43089      3.10%     93.79% |       43111      3.10%     96.89% |       43281      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total      1391963                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         980      3.02%      3.02% |         903      2.78%      5.81% |         920      2.84%      8.64% |         915      2.82%     11.46% |         945      2.91%     14.38% |         877      2.70%     17.08% |         942      2.90%     19.98% |         946      2.92%     22.90% |        1006      3.10%     26.00% |         935      2.88%     28.89% |         925      2.85%     31.74% |         971      2.99%     34.73% |        1170      3.61%     38.34% |        1058      3.26%     41.60% |        1052      3.24%     44.84% |        1098      3.39%     48.23% |        1141      3.52%     51.75% |        1090      3.36%     55.11% |        1023      3.15%     58.26% |        1004      3.10%     61.36% |        1048      3.23%     64.59% |        1116      3.44%     68.03% |        1013      3.12%     71.15% |        1062      3.27%     74.43% |        1161      3.58%     78.01% |        1114      3.43%     81.44% |        1030      3.18%     84.62% |         990      3.05%     87.67% |         952      2.94%     90.60% |        1048      3.23%     93.83% |        1016      3.13%     96.97% |         984      3.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        32435                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L2_Replacement_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L2_Replacement_clean::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       37588      3.14%      3.14% |       37489      3.13%      6.28% |       37414      3.13%      9.41% |       37295      3.12%     12.52% |       37236      3.11%     15.64% |       37255      3.11%     18.75% |       37312      3.12%     21.87% |       37407      3.13%     25.00% |       37397      3.13%     28.12% |       37438      3.13%     31.26% |       37379      3.13%     34.38% |       37323      3.12%     37.50% |       37258      3.12%     40.62% |       37346      3.12%     43.74% |       37386      3.13%     46.86% |       37461      3.13%     50.00% |       37456      3.13%     53.13% |       37451      3.13%     56.26% |       37375      3.12%     59.38% |       37245      3.11%     62.50% |       37278      3.12%     65.61% |       37375      3.12%     68.74% |       37317      3.12%     71.86% |       37375      3.12%     74.98% |       37456      3.13%     78.12% |       37463      3.13%     81.25% |       37370      3.12%     84.37% |       37318      3.12%     87.49% |       37249      3.11%     90.61% |       37361      3.12%     93.73% |       37459      3.13%     96.86% |       37532      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total      1196064                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      5.26%      5.26% |           2      5.26%     10.53% |           1      2.63%     13.16% |           1      2.63%     15.79% |           0      0.00%     15.79% |           1      2.63%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           2      5.26%     23.68% |           0      0.00%     23.68% |           0      0.00%     23.68% |           5     13.16%     36.84% |           0      0.00%     36.84% |           4     10.53%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           8     21.05%     68.42% |           3      7.89%     76.32% |           1      2.63%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           3      7.89%     86.84% |           0      0.00%     86.84% |           2      5.26%     92.11% |           0      0.00%     92.11% |           2      5.26%     97.37% |           0      0.00%     97.37% |           1      2.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           38                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |          39      1.61%      1.61% |          47      1.95%      3.56% |          65      2.69%      6.25% |          72      2.98%      9.23% |          72      2.98%     12.22% |          59      2.44%     14.66% |          61      2.53%     17.18% |          54      2.24%     19.42% |          53      2.19%     21.61% |          58      2.40%     24.02% |          78      3.23%     27.25% |         100      4.14%     31.39% |          78      3.23%     34.62% |         108      4.47%     39.09% |          92      3.81%     42.90% |          76      3.15%     46.05% |          66      2.73%     48.78% |          84      3.48%     52.26% |          98      4.06%     56.31% |         105      4.35%     60.66% |          89      3.69%     64.35% |          89      3.69%     68.03% |          96      3.98%     72.01% |          73      3.02%     75.03% |          75      3.11%     78.14% |          84      3.48%     81.61% |          79      3.27%     84.89% |          83      3.44%     88.32% |          84      3.48%     91.80% |          69      2.86%     94.66% |          65      2.69%     97.35% |          64      2.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total         2415                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |          64      2.33%      2.33% |          74      2.70%      5.03% |          86      3.14%      8.17% |          68      2.48%     10.65% |          70      2.55%     13.21% |          86      3.14%     16.34% |          65      2.37%     18.72% |          67      2.44%     21.16% |         101      3.68%     24.84% |         114      4.16%     29.00% |          89      3.25%     32.25% |          75      2.74%     34.99% |         120      4.38%     39.37% |          79      2.88%     42.25% |          83      3.03%     45.28% |          87      3.17%     48.45% |          97      3.54%     51.99% |          80      2.92%     54.91% |          85      3.10%     58.01% |          70      2.55%     60.56% |          82      2.99%     63.55% |         144      5.25%     68.81% |          83      3.03%     71.84% |         142      5.18%     77.02% |         115      4.20%     81.21% |          76      2.77%     83.98% |          90      3.28%     87.27% |          62      2.26%     89.53% |          73      2.66%     92.19% |          71      2.59%     94.78% |          76      2.77%     97.56% |          67      2.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total         2741                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old |           1      6.25%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           1      6.25%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           1      6.25%     18.75% |           2     12.50%     31.25% |           0      0.00%     31.25% |           0      0.00%     31.25% |           0      0.00%     31.25% |           0      0.00%     31.25% |           1      6.25%     37.50% |           2     12.50%     50.00% |           1      6.25%     56.25% |           1      6.25%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           1      6.25%     68.75% |           2     12.50%     81.25% |           2     12.50%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L2_Replacement_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L2_Replacement_clean::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      218558      5.21%      5.21% |      128507      3.07%      8.28% |      127261      3.04%     11.32% |      129435      3.09%     14.41% |      127314      3.04%     17.44% |      126526      3.02%     20.46% |      126670      3.02%     23.49% |      126261      3.01%     26.50% |      126626      3.02%     29.52% |      127274      3.04%     32.56% |      129170      3.08%     35.64% |      128067      3.06%     38.69% |      126715      3.02%     41.72% |      127027      3.03%     44.75% |      125635      3.00%     47.75% |      125610      3.00%     50.74% |      126551      3.02%     53.76% |      126507      3.02%     56.78% |      126870      3.03%     59.81% |      126911      3.03%     62.84% |      126954      3.03%     65.87% |      141341      3.37%     69.24% |      135177      3.23%     72.46% |      125867      3.00%     75.47% |      126348      3.01%     78.48% |      126763      3.02%     81.51% |      126504      3.02%     84.52% |      126209      3.01%     87.54% |      127565      3.04%     90.58% |      126640      3.02%     93.60% |      130430      3.11%     96.71% |      137717      3.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      4191010                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |          17      1.82%      1.82% |          14      1.50%      3.32% |          24      2.57%      5.89% |          15      1.61%      7.49% |          15      1.61%      9.10% |          25      2.68%     11.78% |          18      1.93%     13.70% |          28      3.00%     16.70% |          22      2.36%     19.06% |          30      3.21%     22.27% |          27      2.89%     25.16% |          22      2.36%     27.52% |          33      3.53%     31.05% |          35      3.75%     34.80% |          34      3.64%     38.44% |          32      3.43%     41.86% |          23      2.46%     44.33% |          36      3.85%     48.18% |          36      3.85%     52.03% |          38      4.07%     56.10% |          35      3.75%     59.85% |          39      4.18%     64.03% |          35      3.75%     67.77% |          43      4.60%     72.38% |          37      3.96%     76.34% |          33      3.53%     79.87% |          35      3.75%     83.62% |          52      5.57%     89.19% |          35      3.75%     92.93% |          29      3.10%     96.04% |          16      1.71%     97.75% |          21      2.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total          934                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |        1344      3.10%      3.10% |        1313      3.03%      6.13% |        1226      2.83%      8.96% |        1193      2.75%     11.71% |        1269      2.93%     14.64% |        1302      3.00%     17.64% |        1284      2.96%     20.60% |        1267      2.92%     23.52% |        1173      2.71%     26.23% |        1224      2.82%     29.05% |        1347      3.11%     32.16% |        1293      2.98%     35.14% |        1324      3.05%     38.20% |        1358      3.13%     41.33% |        1393      3.21%     44.54% |        1351      3.12%     47.66% |        1345      3.10%     50.76% |        1443      3.33%     54.09% |        1500      3.46%     57.55% |        1517      3.50%     61.05% |        1457      3.36%     64.41% |        1448      3.34%     67.75% |        1492      3.44%     71.19% |        1401      3.23%     74.42% |        1342      3.10%     77.52% |        1359      3.13%     80.65% |        1396      3.22%     83.87% |        1390      3.21%     87.08% |        1448      3.34%     90.42% |        1445      3.33%     93.75% |        1399      3.23%     96.98% |        1309      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total        43352                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          59      1.81%      1.81% |          57      1.75%      3.55% |         136      4.16%      7.72% |         102      3.12%     10.84% |          95      2.91%     13.75% |          83      2.54%     16.29% |          90      2.76%     19.04% |          80      2.45%     21.49% |         198      6.06%     27.56% |         149      4.56%     32.12% |         104      3.18%     35.30% |         103      3.15%     38.46% |          81      2.48%     40.94% |          73      2.24%     43.17% |          99      3.03%     46.20% |         106      3.25%     49.45% |          87      2.66%     52.11% |          71      2.17%     54.29% |          95      2.91%     57.20% |          88      2.69%     59.89% |         151      4.62%     64.51% |         114      3.49%     68.00% |         117      3.58%     71.59% |          86      2.63%     74.22% |          92      2.82%     77.04% |         116      3.55%     80.59% |         102      3.12%     83.71% |         100      3.06%     86.77% |         141      4.32%     91.09% |         108      3.31%     94.40% |          87      2.66%     97.06% |          96      2.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total         3266                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           1     16.67%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     16.67%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     16.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     16.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_PUTX::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |          59      1.81%      1.81% |          57      1.75%      3.55% |         136      4.16%      7.72% |         102      3.12%     10.84% |          95      2.91%     13.75% |          83      2.54%     16.29% |          90      2.76%     19.04% |          80      2.45%     21.49% |         198      6.06%     27.56% |         149      4.56%     32.12% |         104      3.18%     35.30% |         103      3.15%     38.46% |          81      2.48%     40.94% |          73      2.24%     43.17% |          99      3.03%     46.20% |         106      3.25%     49.45% |          87      2.66%     52.11% |          71      2.17%     54.29% |          95      2.91%     57.20% |          88      2.69%     59.89% |         151      4.62%     64.51% |         114      3.49%     68.00% |         117      3.58%     71.59% |          86      2.63%     74.22% |          92      2.82%     77.04% |         116      3.55%     80.59% |         102      3.12%     83.71% |         100      3.06%     86.77% |         141      4.32%     91.09% |         108      3.31%     94.40% |          87      2.66%     97.06% |          96      2.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total         3266                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX |           1      1.89%      1.89% |           2      3.77%      5.66% |           1      1.89%      7.55% |           2      3.77%     11.32% |           0      0.00%     11.32% |           0      0.00%     11.32% |           1      1.89%     13.21% |           0      0.00%     13.21% |           0      0.00%     13.21% |           2      3.77%     16.98% |           1      1.89%     18.87% |           2      3.77%     22.64% |           2      3.77%     26.42% |           3      5.66%     32.08% |           5      9.43%     41.51% |           2      3.77%     45.28% |           4      7.55%     52.83% |           0      0.00%     52.83% |           0      0.00%     52.83% |           3      5.66%     58.49% |           0      0.00%     58.49% |           2      3.77%     62.26% |           4      7.55%     69.81% |           1      1.89%     71.70% |           2      3.77%     75.47% |           2      3.77%     79.25% |           0      0.00%     79.25% |           3      5.66%     84.91% |           1      1.89%     86.79% |           2      3.77%     90.57% |           2      3.77%     94.34% |           3      5.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX::total           53                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        1344      3.10%      3.10% |        1313      3.03%      6.13% |        1226      2.83%      8.96% |        1193      2.75%     11.71% |        1269      2.93%     14.63% |        1302      3.00%     17.64% |        1284      2.96%     20.60% |        1267      2.92%     23.52% |        1173      2.71%     26.23% |        1224      2.82%     29.05% |        1347      3.11%     32.16% |        1293      2.98%     35.14% |        1324      3.05%     38.19% |        1358      3.13%     41.32% |        1393      3.21%     44.54% |        1351      3.12%     47.65% |        1345      3.10%     50.76% |        1443      3.33%     54.08% |        1500      3.46%     57.54% |        1517      3.50%     61.04% |        1457      3.36%     64.40% |        1450      3.34%     67.75% |        1492      3.44%     71.19% |        1401      3.23%     74.42% |        1342      3.10%     77.51% |        1359      3.13%     80.65% |        1397      3.22%     83.87% |        1390      3.21%     87.08% |        1448      3.34%     90.42% |        1445      3.33%     93.75% |        1399      3.23%     96.98% |        1311      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total        43357                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      461131     19.43%     19.43% |     1186791     50.00%     69.43% |       91229      3.84%     73.27% |       95143      4.01%     77.28% |       88985      3.75%     81.03% |       91639      3.86%     84.89% |       91679      3.86%     88.75% |       97871      4.12%     92.88% |       83269      3.51%     96.38% |       85845      3.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      2373582                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      461131     19.43%     19.43% |     1186791     50.00%     69.43% |       91229      3.84%     73.27% |       95143      4.01%     77.28% |       88985      3.75%     81.03% |       91639      3.86%     84.89% |       91679      3.86%     88.75% |       97871      4.12%     92.88% |       83269      3.51%     96.38% |       85845      3.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      2373582                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      461131     19.43%     19.43% |     1186791     50.00%     69.43% |       91229      3.84%     73.27% |       95143      4.01%     77.28% |       88985      3.75%     81.03% |       91639      3.86%     84.89% |       91679      3.86%     88.75% |       97871      4.12%     92.88% |       83269      3.51%     96.38% |       85845      3.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      2373582                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      461131     19.43%     19.43% |     1186791     50.00%     69.43% |       91229      3.84%     73.27% |       95143      4.01%     77.28% |       88985      3.75%     81.03% |       91639      3.86%     84.89% |       91679      3.86%     88.75% |       97871      4.12%     92.88% |       83269      3.51%     96.38% |       85845      3.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      2373582                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
