
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.134306                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                134306121000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5310474199500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  37233                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    63684                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              106328757                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3665124                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1263.12                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    47030008                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      80440381                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21432064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          21432064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     13560512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       13560512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       334876                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             334876                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       211883                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            211883                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    159576227                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            159576227                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    100967193                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           100967193                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    260543419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           260543419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     334876                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    211883                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   334876                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  211883                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              21430592                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1472                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               13560256                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               21432064                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            13560512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    23                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            20668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            21301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            20873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            21330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            20939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            21144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            21043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            21033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            20829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            21027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           20790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           21181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           20637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           20547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           20757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           20754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            13292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            13267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            13187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            13397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            13225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            13345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            13251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            13448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            13162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            13385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           13162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           13101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           13061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           13073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           13361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           13162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                      130                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 134305565000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               334876                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              211883                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 231669                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  43444                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  27811                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  14974                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   7203                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   4447                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   2731                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   1727                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                    544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                    197                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                    67                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                    30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  40258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  41670                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  42100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  42324                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  42566                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   1833                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                    780                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                    352                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       140629                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   248.815820                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   177.560118                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   219.963350                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        46096     32.78%     32.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        24793     17.63%     50.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        52135     37.07%     87.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5613      3.99%     91.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2792      1.99%     93.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1616      1.15%     94.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          936      0.67%     95.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          995      0.71%     95.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         5653      4.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       140629                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        40259                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.317122                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    24.446466                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        40203     99.86%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           55      0.14%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        40259                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        40259                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.262898                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.209879                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.897935                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          38710     96.15%     96.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1438      3.57%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          105      0.26%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19            6      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        40259                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  5666312628                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            11944806378                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1674265000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    16921.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               35671.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      159.57                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      100.97                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   159.58                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   100.97                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.06                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  261410                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 144692                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                78.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               68.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    245639.42                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   74.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   28062035250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     4484740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT   101758524750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              537395040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              525760200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              293221500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              286873125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1312981800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1298856000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            689549760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            683426160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         8772151440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         8772151440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        51606347355                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        51113998170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        35314446000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        35746331250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          98526092895                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          98427396345                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          733.598026                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          732.863159                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20795968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          20795968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     12935808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       12935808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       324937                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             324937                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       202122                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            202122                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    154840061                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            154840061                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     96315848                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            96315848                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    251155910                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           251155910                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     324937                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    202122                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   324937                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  202122                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              20794560                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1408                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               12935680                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               20795968                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            12935808                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    22                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            20059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            20709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            20243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            20674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            20370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            20531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            20423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            20503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            20193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            20387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           20150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           20570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           20013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           19885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           20071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           20134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            12685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            12677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            12586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            12789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            12628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            12750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            12630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            12829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            12548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            12763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           12554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           12492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           12463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           12463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           12705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           12558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                      141                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 134305283500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               324937                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              202122                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 226828                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  40962                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  26556                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  13874                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   6698                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   4493                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   2816                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   1830                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                    621                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                    164                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                    58                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  38472                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  39851                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  40036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  40250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  40703                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   1708                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                    732                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                    370                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       117703                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   286.569144                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   216.989389                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   225.402777                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        23599     20.05%     20.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        24229     20.58%     40.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        51869     44.07%     84.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5353      4.55%     89.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3197      2.72%     91.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1581      1.34%     93.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1196      1.02%     94.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          902      0.77%     95.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         5777      4.91%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       117703                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        38471                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.445608                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.572179                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        38421     99.87%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           48      0.12%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        38471                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        38471                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.253828                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.200598                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.897363                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-5          34442     89.53%     89.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::6-7           2378      6.18%     95.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-9           1219      3.17%     98.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::10-11          343      0.89%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-13           75      0.19%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::14-15           14      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        38471                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  5202536106                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            11294692356                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1624575000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    16011.99                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               34761.99                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      154.83                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       96.31                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   154.84                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    96.32                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.06                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  262041                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 147289                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                80.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               72.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    254820.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   77.67                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   28574270250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     4484740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT   101246289750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              451324440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              438510240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              246258375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              239266500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1275385800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1258927800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            658199520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            651538080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         8772151440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         8772151440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        50979162960                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        49991473800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        35864607750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        36731001750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          98247090285                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          98082869610                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          731.520650                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          730.297908                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20794624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          20794624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     12936704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       12936704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       324916                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             324916                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       202136                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            202136                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    154830054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            154830054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     96322520                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            96322520                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    251152574                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           251152574                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     324916                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    202136                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   324916                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  202136                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              20793600                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               12936512                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               20794624                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            12936704                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            20056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            20692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            20256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            20719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            20373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            20513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            20397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            20481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            20164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            20395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           20159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           20587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           20029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           19845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           20062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           20172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            12679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            12677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            12583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            12796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            12628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            12734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            12638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            12831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            12532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            12769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           12550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           12508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           12469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           12457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           12710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           12572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                      134                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 134306017500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               324916                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              202136                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 226897                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  44913                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  24642                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                  12216                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   6824                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   4181                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   2882                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   1710                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                    476                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                    113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                    33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  38574                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  39980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  40137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  40204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  40475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   1671                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                    737                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                    358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       117792                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   286.350992                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   216.947588                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   224.594555                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        23967     20.35%     20.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        23218     19.71%     40.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        52727     44.76%     84.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5455      4.63%     89.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3109      2.64%     92.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1499      1.27%     93.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1175      1.00%     94.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          860      0.73%     95.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         5782      4.91%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       117792                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        38573                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.422809                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.545944                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        38515     99.85%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           56      0.15%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        38573                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        38573                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.240272                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.191521                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.851294                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-5          34632     89.78%     89.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::6-7           2413      6.26%     96.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-9           1194      3.10%     99.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::10-11          260      0.67%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-13           65      0.17%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::14-15            9      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        38573                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  5127568612                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            11219443612                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1624500000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    15781.99                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               34531.99                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      154.82                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       96.32                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   154.83                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    96.32                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        1.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.06                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  261737                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 147501                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                80.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               72.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    254824.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   77.65                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   28426692500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     4484740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT   101393980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              452473560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              438033960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              246885375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              239006625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1275183000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1259005800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            658147680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            651674160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         8772151440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         8772151440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        50731788375                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        49795754040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        36081603000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        36902685750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          98218232430                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          98058311775                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          731.305782                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          730.115057                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20773440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          20773440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     12935040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       12935040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       324585                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             324585                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       202110                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            202110                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    154672325                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            154672325                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     96310130                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            96310130                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    250982455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           250982455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     324585                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    202110                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   324585                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  202110                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              20772608                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               12934912                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               20773440                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            12935040                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    13                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            20054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            20667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            20168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            20693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            20303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            20504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            20404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            20463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            20156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            20382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           20198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           20541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           19972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           19840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           20086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           20141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            12685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            12667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            12587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            12787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            12627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            12737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            12634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            12823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            12529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            12773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           12550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           12513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           12466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           12462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           12715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           12553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                      131                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 134305287000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               324585                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              202110                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 226112                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  44181                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  26235                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                  12364                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   6601                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   4117                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   2839                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   1582                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                    404                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                    100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  38601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  39977                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  40161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  40104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  40432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   1758                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                    749                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                    328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       116595                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   289.096445                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   219.881226                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   225.140875                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        22837     19.59%     19.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        23217     19.91%     39.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        52609     45.12%     84.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5570      4.78%     89.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2992      2.57%     91.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1473      1.26%     93.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1210      1.04%     94.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          862      0.74%     95.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         5825      5.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       116595                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        38601                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.408254                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.915061                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        38547     99.86%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           51      0.13%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        38601                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        38601                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.235823                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.189039                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.830698                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          37156     96.26%     96.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1395      3.61%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           48      0.12%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19            2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        38601                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  5165689618                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            11251414618                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1622860000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    15915.39                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               34665.39                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      154.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       96.31                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   154.67                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    96.31                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        1.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.06                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  261773                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 148310                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                80.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               73.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    254996.32                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   77.86                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27954081250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     4484740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT   101866478750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              446841360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              434616840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              243812250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              237142125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1273381200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1258241400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            658024560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            651635280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         8772151440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         8772151440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        50470901370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        49672458765                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        36310451250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        37010839500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          98175563430                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          98037085350                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          730.988081                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          729.957011                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1177                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1177                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1415                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1415                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               240                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              240                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          480                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          480                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          548                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5184                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          838                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4356                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5316                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               203500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              518000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              522024                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              128024                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1884500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          375                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1536000                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          375                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               11835895                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 43.258337                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                27.134175                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                87.124121                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    11367001     96.04%     96.04% |      132136      1.12%     97.15% |       99255      0.84%     97.99% |       83246      0.70%     98.70% |       69056      0.58%     99.28% |       60107      0.51%     99.79% |       24968      0.21%    100.00% |         126      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 11835895                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     34257958                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.071836                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.500543                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      3.717037                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    32358888     94.46%     94.46% |     1284697      3.75%     98.21% |       12534      0.04%     98.24% |       16905      0.05%     98.29% |       37741      0.11%     98.40% |       55685      0.16%     98.57% |       55115      0.16%     98.73% |      133300      0.39%     99.12% |      303093      0.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      34257958                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            34257957                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              15.969735                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.762778                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             71.229774                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    33751201     98.52%     98.52% |      321982      0.94%     99.46% |      110733      0.32%     99.78% |       66687      0.19%     99.98% |        5825      0.02%    100.00% |        1388      0.00%    100.00% |         138      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              34257957                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        32338396                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000169                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000146                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.013110                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    32332956     99.98%     99.98% |        5427      0.02%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          32338396                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1919561                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        234.464980                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       170.868805                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       199.937112                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1412805     73.60%     73.60% |      321982     16.77%     90.37% |      110733      5.77%     96.14% |       66687      3.47%     99.62% |        5825      0.30%     99.92% |        1388      0.07%     99.99% |         138      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1919561                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     7471104                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    2359296                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         100499                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       100499                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     24677548                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1173017                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     25850565                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      7658884                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       125899                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      7784783                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       702774                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        44977                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       268986                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2085784                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        70103                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           17                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           17                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1964                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       620628                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       622592                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles       115763                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       125535                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        50560                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       176095                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        17431                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        40599                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        58030                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        17385                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        40646                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        58031                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        14315                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        40600                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        54915                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        11255                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        40655                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        51910                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        10706                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        40633                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        51339                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        11233                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        40623                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        51856                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         9817                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        40563                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        50380                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        14044                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        40621                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        54665                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        12014                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        40626                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        52640                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        13091                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        40648                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        53739                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        16819                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        40577                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        57396                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        12137                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        40635                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        52772                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        17053                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        40601                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        57654                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        26501                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        40675                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        67176                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        20989                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        40601                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        61590                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        16112                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        40557                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        56669                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        16396                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        40648                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        57044                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        14586                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        40703                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        55289                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        15178                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        40624                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        55802                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        16459                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        40556                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        57015                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        19043                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        40573                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        59616                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        19805                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        40588                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        60393                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        15880                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        40595                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        56475                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        27980                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        40578                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        68558                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        22505                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        40567                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        63072                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        16570                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        40558                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        57128                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        13170                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        40523                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        53693                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         9139                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        40566                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        49705                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         8734                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        40574                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        49308                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        13917                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        40639                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        54556                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        14457                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        40593                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        55050                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     20009933                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     20009933                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     20651467                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     20009933                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      8165606                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      8033985                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     20009933                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.074494                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      6704390                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      6704390                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6732251                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6704390                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3051452                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3050950                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      6704390                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.024959                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads     10475246                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes     10475246                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity     11404204                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10475246                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4817534                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4725942                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity     10475246                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.038998                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      4972573                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      4972573                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5008012                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4972573                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2315501                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2314733                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      4972573                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.018512                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      5612028                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      5612028                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5622176                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5612028                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2499308                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2499140                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      5612028                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.020893                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      5848258                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      5848258                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5869879                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5848258                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2601376                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2600942                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      5848258                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.021772                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      7896255                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      7896255                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8213874                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7896255                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2880045                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2753531                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      7896255                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.029396                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      3894180                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      3894180                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3909742                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3894180                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1445055                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1444696                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      3894180                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.014497                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      2846971                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      2846971                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2851695                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2846971                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1296258                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1296187                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      2846971                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.010599                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      3365732                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      3365732                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3369414                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3365732                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1515941                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1515888                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      3365732                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.012530                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      2625014                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      2625014                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2629509                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2625014                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1040661                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1040598                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      2625014                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.009773                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      3063363                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      3063363                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3067871                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3063363                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1343831                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1343751                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      3063363                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.011404                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      3669167                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      3669167                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3673615                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3669167                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1581845                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1581791                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      3669167                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.013660                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      2776193                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      2776193                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2781487                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2776193                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1080612                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1080537                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      2776193                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.010335                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1514817                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1514817                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1518604                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1514817                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       599289                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       599237                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1514817                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.005639                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      2339399                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      2339399                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2363964                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2339399                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       933649                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       933123                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      2339399                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.008709                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      3818490                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      3818490                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3907225                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3818490                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1415961                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1398034                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      3818490                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.014216                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      2539450                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      2539450                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2569414                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2539450                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       978731                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       978142                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      2539450                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.009454                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      2594124                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      2594124                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2623123                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2594124                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1041293                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1041052                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      2594124                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.009658                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      1585095                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      1585095                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1588726                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1585095                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       627951                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       627895                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      1585095                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.005901                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1594255                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1594255                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1594277                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1594255                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       741395                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       741395                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1594255                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.005935                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2041430                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2041430                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2041446                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2041430                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       949309                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       949306                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2041430                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.007600                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      1666644                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      1666644                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1667023                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1666644                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       714164                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       714164                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      1666644                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.006205                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1060047                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1060047                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1060047                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1060047                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       434131                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       434131                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1060047                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.003946                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1535603                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1535603                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1535604                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1535603                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       688727                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       688727                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1535603                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.005717                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      1870415                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      1870415                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1870430                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1870415                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       852749                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       852747                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      1870415                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.006963                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      1599871                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      1599871                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1600720                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1599871                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       672791                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       672791                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      1599871                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.005956                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1061405                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1061405                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1061405                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1061405                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       432069                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       432069                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1061405                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.003951                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      6367521                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      6367521                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6485882                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6367521                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2743762                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2741937                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      6367521                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.023705                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      6594610                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      6594610                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6696183                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6594610                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2846838                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2844726                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      6594610                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.024551                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      5803743                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      5803743                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5884673                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5803743                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2248359                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2247027                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      5803743                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.021606                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      6027714                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      6027714                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6109188                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6027714                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2361875                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2359802                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      6027714                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.022440                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     9813848     27.77%     27.77% |    23711980     67.10%     94.87% |     1811021      5.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     35336849                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     9813848     27.77%     27.77% |    23711980     67.10%     94.87% |     1811021      5.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     35336849                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   317325499                       |   590804291                       |    39952808                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   402956922                       |    91306226                       |     1811021                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   32.334462                       |   24.915856                       |   22.060930                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   41.060033                       |    3.850637                       |           1                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    26.829857                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    14.038438                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         40.868295                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002063                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.044861      7.06%      7.06% |    0.044729      7.04%     14.10% |    0.044631      7.02%     21.12% |    0.044505      7.00%     28.12% |    0.106987     16.83%     44.96% |    0.104657     16.47%     61.42% |    0.106958     16.83%     78.25% |    0.104632     16.46%     94.72% |    0.008392      1.32%     96.04% |    0.008393      1.32%     97.36% |    0.008392      1.32%     98.68% |    0.008391      1.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.635529                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.015749                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.028159                       |    0.000000                       |    0.009144                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004804                       |    0.001948                       |    0.001832                       |    0.001914                       |    0.001927                       |    0.001848                       |    0.001761                       |    0.001754                       |    0.001871                       |    0.001876                       |    0.001947                       |    0.001878                       |    0.001812                       |    0.001796                       |    0.001809                       |    0.001777                       |    0.001872                       |    0.001826                       |    0.001852                       |    0.001935                       |    0.001942                       |    0.002153                       |    0.002028                       |    0.001918                       |    0.001927                       |    0.001888                       |    0.001900                       |    0.001921                       |    0.001982                       |    0.001995                       |    0.002178                       |    0.002057                       |    0.007474                       |    0.007251                       |    0.007250                       |    0.007243                       |    0.000090                       |           0                       |    0.000133                       |    0.000508                       |    0.000375                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002059                       |    0.000091                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002032                       |    0.001754                       |           0                       |    0.001958                       |           0                       |    0.002986                       |    0.003903                       |    0.001752                       |           0                       |    0.002090                       |    0.005554                       |           0                       |    0.005939                       |    0.007685                       |    0.002437                       |    0.013861                       |    0.001940                       |    0.000375                       |    0.006568                       |    0.006775                       |    0.009479                       |           0                       |    0.001997                       |           0                       |    0.007552                       |    0.005932                       |    0.003030                       |           0                       |    0.002106                       |    0.005334                       |           0                       |    0.008109                       |    0.005902                       |    0.003100                       |           0                       |    0.001981                       |           0                       |    0.003805                       |    0.002962                       |    0.002657                       |           0                       |    0.002036                       |           0                       |    0.001927                       |    0.001754                       |           0                       |    0.002202                       |           0                       |    0.000918                       |    0.002153                       |    0.002327                       |           0                       |    0.001956                       |           0                       |    0.000757                       |    0.003649                       |    0.004029                       |    0.002139                       |           0                       |    0.002015                       |           0                       |    0.003779                       |    0.006750                       |    0.005293                       |    0.003056                       |    0.028602                       |    0.004247                       |    0.000133                       |    0.012410                       |    0.011835                       |    0.014350                       |    0.002917                       |    0.000000                       |    0.002053                       |    0.000508                       |    0.001715                       |    0.006012                       |    0.011795                       |    0.002877                       |           0                       |    0.001930                       |           0                       |    0.005568                       |    0.004220                       |    0.006400                       |    0.003654                       |           0                       |    0.001913                       |           0                       |    0.001698                       |    0.003700                       |    0.003322                       |    0.003027                       |           0                       |    0.001997                       |           0                       |    0.000829                       |    0.001888                       |    0.002250                       |           0                       |    0.002104                       |           0                       |    0.000045                       |    0.002028                       |    0.002028                       |           0                       |    0.002035                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001850                       |    0.003976                       |    0.001912                       |           0                       |    0.002298                       |    0.005334                       |           0                       |    0.000664                       |    0.003658                       |    0.007776                       |    0.001876                       |           0                       |    0.001858                       |           0                       |    0.020615                       |    0.003154                       |    0.001808                       |    0.001961                       |           0                       |    0.001860                       |           0                       |    0.000903                       |    0.007344                       |    0.002471                       |    0.001920                       |           0                       |    0.002153                       |    0.005332                       |           0                       |    0.001328                       |    0.008059                       |    0.003612                       |    0.001958                       |           0                       |    0.001885                       |           0                       |    0.000903                       |    0.003696                       |    0.001806                       |    0.002045                       |           0                       |    0.002026                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001900                       |    0.002030                       |           0                       |    0.002028                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001918                       |           0                       |    0.001912                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003727                       |           0                       |    0.001876                       |           0                       |    0.001993                       |           0                       |    0.004840                       |           0                       |    0.001961                       |           0                       |    0.009599                       |    0.001329                       |    0.001327                       |           0                       |    0.001920                       |           0                       |    0.000000                       |    0.005543                       |    0.001991                       |           0                       |    0.001958                       |           0                       |    0.003319                       |    0.004381                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002045                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003856                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002030                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001921                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.635529                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         7189233                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      7189233                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       392234                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      4497379                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         3861673                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     85.864967                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          645939                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30361                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             15007303                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              84240                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            20090537                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            182149                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         15091543                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        20272686                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  35097840                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  266389                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              35364229                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              7792019                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9668                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          7801687                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   7792019                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9668                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               7801687                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                264865404                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     26480487                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               54976572                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             7189233                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      4507612                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             232828148                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          908946                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             145375                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       190628                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       428437                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3405                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       341644                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           7791345                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        217852                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3873                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    260872597                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.375712                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.538223                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        242599802     93.00%     93.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          2523861      0.97%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1378513      0.53%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1126925      0.43%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          2096301      0.80%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          1553870      0.60%     96.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1394721      0.53%     96.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           760341      0.29%     97.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          7438263      2.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    260872597                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.027143                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.207564                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         12266359                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     234924879                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6934856                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       6292023                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         454473                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       93383807                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         454473                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         14779672                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       126243812                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     15560401                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          10478863                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      93355369                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       91304810                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         59555                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        4659466                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         514617                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       87232049                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     89071054                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     220228583                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    145385524                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           85                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      76836238                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         12234803                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       389293                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       395142                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          44509704                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      8149004                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     20468046                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1525375                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1334511                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           89444126                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       629547                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          94209993                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       320086                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9373725                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14511064                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       129021                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    260872597                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.361134                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.042064                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    219925374     84.30%     84.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16534200      6.34%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11943229      4.58%     95.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4223034      1.62%     96.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3525113      1.35%     98.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2485529      0.95%     99.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1394831      0.53%     99.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       507146      0.19%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       334141      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    260872597                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          135426     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         928801     76.10%     87.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        156292     12.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       574159      0.61%      0.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      58013907     61.58%     62.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        56422      0.06%     62.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         51941      0.06%     62.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     62.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     62.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     62.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     62.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     62.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     62.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     62.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     62.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     62.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     15195309     16.13%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     20318255     21.57%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       94209993                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.355690                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1220519                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.012955                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    450833150                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     99456406                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     85642212                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           38                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          144                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           12                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       94856334                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              19                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1836585                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1340849                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2712                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         9286                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       752242                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1798                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      8483859                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         454473                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5622818                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     115549219                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     90073673                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       128492                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       8149004                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     20468046                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       620535                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          91818                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     115296600                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         9286                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       137246                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       335053                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       472299                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      93501133                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      14996298                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       443659                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             35107989                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          5764451                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           20111691                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.353014                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               85759200                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              85642224                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          39154599                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          64157730                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.323342                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.610287                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      9631680                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       500526                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       405893                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    259289517                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.310234                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.072695                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    226413450     87.32%     87.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     12396838      4.78%     92.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11670077      4.50%     96.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3194222      1.23%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1492216      0.58%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       642997      0.25%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       674485      0.26%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       551895      0.21%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2253337      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    259289517                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     47030007                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       80440378                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               26523958                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               6808154                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5774                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            5291555                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          79827337                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       560328                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       324072      0.40%      0.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     53486478     66.49%     66.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        55132      0.07%     66.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50738      0.06%     67.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     67.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     67.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     67.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     67.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     67.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     67.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     67.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     67.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     67.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      6808154      8.46%     75.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     19715804     24.51%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     80440378                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       2253337                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            346905887                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           181733146                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   86605                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3992807                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3746414                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            47030007                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              80440378                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       5.631838                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 5.631838                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.177562                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.177562                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        151459668                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        59124346                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                12                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          28086367                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         22841936                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        46982413                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         389063                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               4972120000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            4972120000.000006                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-2.68435e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-2.95279e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.95279e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.48966e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.48966e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.02653e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.5634e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.5634e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.10027e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.10027e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       5503479                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        62.751899                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       32.027212                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      124.105597                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     5044746     91.66%     91.66% |      121978      2.22%     93.88% |       99252      1.80%     95.68% |       83246      1.51%     97.20% |       69056      1.25%     98.45% |       60107      1.09%     99.54% |       24968      0.45%    100.00% |         126      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         5503479                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       6314621                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        26.328031                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       23.500676                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       13.588361                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     4397185     69.63%     69.63% |     1806438     28.61%     98.24% |       72817      1.15%     99.40% |       28020      0.44%     99.84% |        8645      0.14%     99.98% |        1313      0.02%    100.00% |         176      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         6314621                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         17795                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.244114                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.938982                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.108219                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         615      3.46%      3.46% |        2052     11.53%     14.99% |        8181     45.97%     60.96% |        4140     23.26%     84.23% |        2785     15.65%     99.88% |          22      0.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           17795                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          6314660                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           35.579593                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           4.865235                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         120.014353                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     5997409     94.98%     94.98% |      204633      3.24%     98.22% |       72134      1.14%     99.36% |       35402      0.56%     99.92% |        4150      0.07%     99.99% |         834      0.01%    100.00% |          96      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            6314660                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      5582735                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000648                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000558                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.025750                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5579144     99.94%     99.94% |        3580      0.06%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        5582735                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       731925                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     284.074476                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    194.143604                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    233.280757                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      414674     56.66%     56.66% |      204633     27.96%     84.61% |       72134      9.86%     94.47% |       35402      4.84%     99.31% |        4150      0.57%     99.87% |         834      0.11%     99.99% |          96      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        731925                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         19863579                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           14.324648                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.706867                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          62.473912                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    19678717     99.07%     99.07% |      113078      0.57%     99.64% |       38261      0.19%     99.83% |       31252      0.16%     99.99% |        1674      0.01%    100.00% |         554      0.00%    100.00% |          42      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           19863579                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     18830529                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000092                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000080                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.009612                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    18828795     99.99%     99.99% |        1732      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       18830529                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1033050                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     220.749682                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    175.266087                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    173.488030                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      848188     82.11%     82.11% |      113078     10.95%     93.05% |       38261      3.70%     96.75% |       31252      3.03%     99.78% |        1674      0.16%     99.94% |         554      0.05%    100.00% |          42      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1033050                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      7784783                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.377473                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.161605                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      13.231874                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     7768804     99.79%     99.79% |       12707      0.16%     99.96% |        2936      0.04%    100.00% |          85      0.00%    100.00% |         108      0.00%    100.00% |         118      0.00%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        7784783                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      7658884                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000511                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     7658882    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      7658884                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       125899                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    88.174036                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    76.927895                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    60.734741                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      109920     87.31%     87.31% |       12707     10.09%     97.40% |        2936      2.33%     99.73% |          85      0.07%     99.80% |         108      0.09%     99.89% |         118      0.09%     99.98% |          25      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       125899                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       293629                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     12.923935                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     4.169457                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    38.686471                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      287308     97.85%     97.85% |        4950      1.69%     99.53% |        1118      0.38%     99.91% |         132      0.04%     99.96% |          63      0.02%     99.98% |          49      0.02%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       293629                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       264972                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000426                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000368                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.020647                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      264859     99.96%     99.96% |         113      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       264972                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        28657                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   104.679939                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    87.382634                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    77.495434                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       22336     77.94%     77.94% |        4950     17.27%     95.22% |        1118      3.90%     99.12% |         132      0.46%     99.58% |          63      0.22%     99.80% |          49      0.17%     99.97% |           8      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        28657                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.422665                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.454469                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.799197                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         623     95.41%     95.41% |          18      2.76%     98.16% |           7      1.07%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           2      0.31%     99.54% |           3      0.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         623    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    77.500000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    64.646849                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    57.754385                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          18     60.00%     60.00% |           7     23.33%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2      6.67%     90.00% |           3     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        13211                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       552031                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        22491                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                   538947                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                  83677                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                   170958                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses               622624                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 3561402                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                  473120                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                 149504                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits               415964                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses              57156                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits              122983                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses             26521                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                      128                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                9833909                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    6144                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               8840622                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles            3872768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              3370950                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          8840622                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time       3872768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         3370950                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            9349813                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         258765308                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          9693328                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0             13211                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1             22491                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2             64797                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles         1152236                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      334851     25.58%     25.58% |      324937     24.82%     50.39% |      324916     24.82%     75.21% |      324585     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1309289                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      206067     25.92%     25.92% |      196300     24.69%     50.61% |      196311     24.69%     75.31% |      196283     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       794961                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      334876     25.58%     25.58% |      324937     24.82%     50.39% |      324916     24.82%     75.21% |      324585     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1309314                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      211883     25.89%     25.89% |      202122     24.70%     50.60% |      202136     24.70%     75.30% |      202110     24.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       818251                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6000     25.00%     25.00% |        6000     25.00%     50.00% |        6000     25.00%     75.00% |        6000     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24000                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      120592     25.04%     25.04% |      120445     25.01%     50.05% |      120413     25.00%     75.06% |      120110     24.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       481560                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      334851     25.58%     25.58% |      324937     24.82%     50.39% |      324916     24.82%     75.21% |      324585     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1309289                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5816     24.97%     24.97% |        5822     25.00%     49.97% |        5825     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23290                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5816     24.97%     24.97% |        5822     25.00%     49.97% |        5825     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23290                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      205830     25.92%     25.92% |      196122     24.69%     50.61% |      196136     24.70%     75.31% |      196110     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       794198                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         184     25.92%     25.92% |         178     25.07%     50.99% |         175     24.65%     75.63% |         173     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          710                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      120592     25.04%     25.04% |      120445     25.01%     50.05% |      120413     25.00%     75.06% |      120110     24.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       481560                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      334851     25.58%     25.58% |      324937     24.82%     50.39% |      324916     24.82%     75.21% |      324585     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1309289                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      205830     25.92%     25.92% |      196122     24.69%     50.61% |      196136     24.70%     75.31% |      196110     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       794198                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         184     25.92%     25.92% |         178     25.07%     50.99% |         175     24.65%     75.63% |         173     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          710                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         184     25.92%     25.92% |         178     25.07%     50.99% |         175     24.65%     75.63% |         173     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          710                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     5847237     92.51%     92.51% |          17      0.00%     92.51% |      473354      7.49%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      6320608                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     7784845    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      7784845                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    20013224     99.26%     99.26% |           0      0.00%     99.26% |      149505      0.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     20162729                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       17762     99.90%     99.90% |          17      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        17779                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1297174     67.66%     67.66% |           0      0.00%     67.66% |      620119     32.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1917293                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      259736     35.51%     35.51% |           1      0.00%     35.51% |      471736     64.49%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       731473                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     1039158     87.47%     87.47% |           0      0.00%     87.47% |      148892     12.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1188050                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     1170576     65.37%     65.37% |           0      0.00%     65.37% |      620116     34.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1790692                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      259999     35.53%     35.53% |          17      0.00%     35.53% |      471736     64.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       731752                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122079    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122079                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      912783     85.98%     85.98% |           0      0.00%     85.98% |      148892     14.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1061675                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11060    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11060                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         173    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          173                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        3820    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         3820                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          40    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           40                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1772    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1772                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        7199    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total         7199                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     7658884    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      7658884                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        4799     99.67%     99.67% |          16      0.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         4815                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      121489    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       121489                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     2535988     99.95%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |        1352      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      2537340                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       63148    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        63148                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1596     99.94%     99.94% |           1      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         1597                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      194914     29.25%     29.25% |           0      0.00%     29.25% |      471386     70.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       666300                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     3038196    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      3038196                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    19033017    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |         612      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     19033629                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         307    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          307                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      975662     86.77%     86.77% |           0      0.00%     86.77% |      148730     13.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1124392                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |        3302    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total         3302                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      259736     35.51%     35.51% |           1      0.00%     35.51% |      471736     64.49%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       731473                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      126335    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       126335                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          35     92.11%     92.11% |           0      0.00%     92.11% |           3      7.89%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           38                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      912823     85.98%     85.98% |           0      0.00%     85.98% |      148892     14.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1061715                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        5682     95.53%     95.53% |           0      0.00%     95.53% |         266      4.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         5948                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          62    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           62                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        4214     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         4215                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     1170576     65.37%     65.37% |           0      0.00%     65.37% |      620116     34.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1790692                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3889      3.09%      3.09% |        3728      2.96%      6.05% |        3468      2.75%      8.80% |        3456      2.74%     11.55% |        3614      2.87%     14.42% |        4092      3.25%     17.67% |        3747      2.98%     20.64% |        3355      2.66%     23.31% |        3622      2.88%     26.18% |        5240      4.16%     30.34% |        3970      3.15%     33.50% |        3887      3.09%     36.58% |        3622      2.88%     39.46% |        4428      3.52%     42.97% |        3944      3.13%     46.11% |        3773      3.00%     49.10% |        4181      3.32%     52.42% |        4273      3.39%     55.82% |        3778      3.00%     58.82% |        3372      2.68%     61.49% |        3140      2.49%     63.99% |        3806      3.02%     67.01% |        3593      2.85%     69.86% |        3428      2.72%     72.58% |        3738      2.97%     75.55% |        3853      3.06%     78.61% |        3302      2.62%     81.23% |        4710      3.74%     84.97% |        4118      3.27%     88.25% |        5239      4.16%     92.41% |        5092      4.04%     96.45% |        4472      3.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       125930                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      114610     15.66%     15.66% |       20760      2.84%     18.49% |       18697      2.55%     21.05% |       21399      2.92%     23.97% |       20930      2.86%     26.83% |       19804      2.71%     29.54% |       18226      2.49%     32.03% |       18184      2.48%     34.51% |       20457      2.79%     37.31% |       19027      2.60%     39.91% |       22360      3.05%     42.96% |       20490      2.80%     45.76% |       18994      2.60%     48.36% |       18478      2.52%     50.88% |       18176      2.48%     53.36% |       18175      2.48%     55.85% |       20184      2.76%     58.60% |       18670      2.55%     61.16% |       18858      2.58%     63.73% |       19899      2.72%     66.45% |       19845      2.71%     69.16% |       26145      3.57%     72.73% |       23083      3.15%     75.89% |       19543      2.67%     78.56% |       19466      2.66%     81.22% |       18919      2.58%     83.80% |       18442      2.52%     86.32% |       18158      2.48%     88.80% |       20072      2.74%     91.54% |       19375      2.65%     94.19% |       21145      2.89%     97.08% |       21372      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       731943                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       57595      5.42%      5.42% |       33542      3.16%      8.58% |       30605      2.88%     11.47% |       31619      2.98%     14.44% |       32584      3.07%     17.51% |       29797      2.81%     20.32% |       27738      2.61%     22.93% |       27778      2.62%     25.55% |       30477      2.87%     28.42% |       30783      2.90%     31.32% |       31702      2.99%     34.30% |       30537      2.88%     37.18% |       29294      2.76%     39.94% |       28433      2.68%     42.62% |       29734      2.80%     45.42% |       28432      2.68%     48.10% |       30300      2.85%     50.95% |       29697      2.80%     53.75% |       31098      2.93%     56.68% |       34121      3.21%     59.89% |       34686      3.27%     63.16% |       37250      3.51%     66.66% |       34914      3.29%     69.95% |       33699      3.17%     73.13% |       33839      3.19%     76.31% |       32517      3.06%     79.38% |       34057      3.21%     82.58% |       34147      3.22%     85.80% |       35434      3.34%     89.14% |       35780      3.37%     92.51% |       42324      3.99%     96.49% |       37228      3.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1061741                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           0      0.00%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           1      4.55%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           1      4.55%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           2      9.09%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           5     22.73%     54.55% |           4     18.18%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     18.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      172012      9.61%      9.61% |       54207      3.03%     12.63% |       49206      2.75%     15.38% |       52916      2.96%     18.34% |       53429      2.98%     21.32% |       49434      2.76%     24.08% |       45877      2.56%     26.64% |       45885      2.56%     29.20% |       50858      2.84%     32.04% |       49741      2.78%     34.82% |       53959      3.01%     37.84% |       50953      2.85%     40.68% |       48217      2.69%     43.37% |       46837      2.62%     45.99% |       47803      2.67%     48.66% |       46534      2.60%     51.26% |       50405      2.81%     54.07% |       48290      2.70%     56.77% |       49824      2.78%     59.55% |       53935      3.01%     62.56% |       54422      3.04%     65.60% |       63239      3.53%     69.13% |       57904      3.23%     72.37% |       53147      2.97%     75.34% |       53228      2.97%     78.31% |       51365      2.87%     81.18% |       52428      2.93%     84.10% |       52231      2.92%     87.02% |       55434      3.10%     90.12% |       55083      3.08%     93.19% |       63387      3.54%     96.73% |       58509      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1790699                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       34177      4.30%      4.30% |       24492      3.08%      7.39% |       24510      3.09%     10.48% |       24502      3.09%     13.56% |       24491      3.08%     16.65% |       24490      3.08%     19.73% |       24496      3.09%     22.82% |       24496      3.09%     25.90% |       24520      3.09%     28.99% |       24517      3.09%     32.08% |       24517      3.09%     35.17% |       24524      3.09%     38.25% |       24504      3.09%     41.34% |       24511      3.09%     44.43% |       24509      3.09%     47.51% |       24504      3.09%     50.60% |       24533      3.09%     53.69% |       24517      3.09%     56.78% |       24525      3.09%     59.87% |       24521      3.09%     62.96% |       24506      3.09%     66.04% |       24526      3.09%     69.13% |       24516      3.09%     72.22% |       24507      3.09%     75.31% |       24523      3.09%     78.39% |       24518      3.09%     81.48% |       24511      3.09%     84.57% |       24504      3.09%     87.66% |       24510      3.09%     90.74% |       24494      3.08%     93.83% |       24502      3.09%     96.91% |       24506      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       793979                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       15271      3.17%      3.17% |       15059      3.13%      6.30% |       15078      3.13%      9.43% |       15046      3.12%     12.55% |       15021      3.12%     15.67% |       14988      3.11%     18.78% |       15023      3.12%     21.90% |       15031      3.12%     25.01% |       15072      3.13%     28.14% |       15029      3.12%     31.26% |       15083      3.13%     34.39% |       15030      3.12%     37.51% |       15105      3.14%     40.65% |       15076      3.13%     43.78% |       15068      3.13%     46.91% |       15013      3.12%     50.02% |       15042      3.12%     53.14% |       15062      3.13%     56.27% |       15076      3.13%     59.40% |       15010      3.12%     62.51% |       15049      3.12%     65.64% |       15102      3.13%     68.77% |       15039      3.12%     71.89% |       15005      3.11%     75.01% |       15080      3.13%     78.14% |       15138      3.14%     81.28% |       15067      3.13%     84.41% |       15007      3.11%     87.52% |       15018      3.12%     90.64% |       15048      3.12%     93.76% |       15029      3.12%     96.88% |       15014      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       481779                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       50560      3.86%      3.86% |       40599      3.10%      6.96% |       40634      3.10%     10.07% |       40594      3.10%     13.17% |       40557      3.10%     16.26% |       40523      3.10%     19.36% |       40565      3.10%     22.46% |       40573      3.10%     25.56% |       40638      3.10%     28.66% |       40592      3.10%     31.76% |       40645      3.10%     34.86% |       40599      3.10%     37.97% |       40654      3.11%     41.07% |       40632      3.10%     44.17% |       40622      3.10%     47.28% |       40562      3.10%     50.37% |       40620      3.10%     53.48% |       40625      3.10%     56.58% |       40647      3.10%     59.68% |       40577      3.10%     62.78% |       40601      3.10%     65.88% |       40675      3.11%     68.99% |       40601      3.10%     72.09% |       40557      3.10%     75.19% |       40648      3.10%     78.29% |       40703      3.11%     81.40% |       40624      3.10%     84.51% |       40556      3.10%     87.60% |       40573      3.10%     90.70% |       40588      3.10%     93.80% |       40578      3.10%     96.90% |       40567      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1309289                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       49536      3.88%      3.88% |       39575      3.10%      6.98% |       39610      3.10%     10.08% |       39570      3.10%     13.18% |       39533      3.10%     16.28% |       39499      3.09%     19.37% |       39541      3.10%     22.47% |       39549      3.10%     25.57% |       39614      3.10%     28.67% |       39568      3.10%     31.77% |       39621      3.10%     34.88% |       39575      3.10%     37.98% |       39630      3.10%     41.08% |       39608      3.10%     44.18% |       39598      3.10%     47.29% |       39538      3.10%     50.38% |       39596      3.10%     53.49% |       39601      3.10%     56.59% |       39623      3.10%     59.69% |       39553      3.10%     62.79% |       39577      3.10%     65.89% |       39651      3.11%     69.00% |       39577      3.10%     72.10% |       39533      3.10%     75.19% |       39624      3.10%     78.30% |       39679      3.11%     81.41% |       39600      3.10%     84.51% |       39532      3.10%     87.61% |       39549      3.10%     90.70% |       39564      3.10%     93.80% |       39554      3.10%     96.90% |       39543      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1276521                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          58     17.96%     17.96% |           7      2.17%     20.12% |          13      4.02%     24.15% |           9      2.79%     26.93% |           8      2.48%     29.41% |           4      1.24%     30.65% |           4      1.24%     31.89% |           6      1.86%     33.75% |          10      3.10%     36.84% |           5      1.55%     38.39% |          10      3.10%     41.49% |           5      1.55%     43.03% |           8      2.48%     45.51% |           4      1.24%     46.75% |           5      1.55%     48.30% |           5      1.55%     49.85% |           6      1.86%     51.70% |           8      2.48%     54.18% |          10      3.10%     57.28% |           8      2.48%     59.75% |          24      7.43%     67.18% |          24      7.43%     74.61% |           5      1.55%     76.16% |           6      1.86%     78.02% |           7      2.17%     80.19% |           6      1.86%     82.04% |           8      2.48%     84.52% |           9      2.79%     87.31% |          10      3.10%     90.40% |          10      3.10%     93.50% |          14      4.33%     97.83% |           7      2.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          323                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      6.25%      6.25% |           1      6.25%     12.50% |           1      6.25%     18.75% |           0      0.00%     18.75% |           1      6.25%     25.00% |           1      6.25%     31.25% |           1      6.25%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           1      6.25%     50.00% |           1      6.25%     56.25% |           1      6.25%     62.50% |           1      6.25%     68.75% |           1      6.25%     75.00% |           1      6.25%     81.25% |           1      6.25%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         572      3.28%      3.28% |         504      2.89%      6.16% |         495      2.84%      9.00% |         500      2.86%     11.86% |         499      2.86%     14.72% |         491      2.81%     17.54% |         523      3.00%     20.53% |         538      3.08%     23.61% |         553      3.17%     26.78% |         496      2.84%     29.62% |         554      3.17%     32.80% |         550      3.15%     35.95% |         599      3.43%     39.38% |         578      3.31%     42.69% |         566      3.24%     45.93% |         543      3.11%     49.04% |         566      3.24%     52.29% |         581      3.33%     55.61% |         579      3.32%     58.93% |         528      3.02%     61.96% |         523      3.00%     64.95% |         606      3.47%     68.42% |         550      3.15%     71.57% |         525      3.01%     74.58% |         574      3.29%     77.87% |         636      3.64%     81.51% |         575      3.29%     84.81% |         530      3.04%     87.84% |         505      2.89%     90.74% |         557      3.19%     93.93% |         536      3.07%     97.00% |         524      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        17456                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      6.25%      6.25% |           1      6.25%     12.50% |           1      6.25%     18.75% |           0      0.00%     18.75% |           1      6.25%     25.00% |           1      6.25%     31.25% |           1      6.25%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           1      6.25%     50.00% |           1      6.25%     56.25% |           1      6.25%     62.50% |           1      6.25%     68.75% |           1      6.25%     75.00% |           1      6.25%     81.25% |           1      6.25%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      172149      9.60%      9.60% |       54281      3.03%     12.63% |       49290      2.75%     15.38% |       52991      2.96%     18.33% |       53503      2.98%     21.31% |       49515      2.76%     24.08% |       45946      2.56%     26.64% |       45954      2.56%     29.20% |       50929      2.84%     32.04% |       49809      2.78%     34.82% |       54047      3.01%     37.83% |       51022      2.85%     40.68% |       48284      2.69%     43.37% |       46906      2.62%     45.99% |       47877      2.67%     48.66% |       46603      2.60%     51.25% |       50475      2.81%     54.07% |       48361      2.70%     56.77% |       49898      2.78%     59.55% |       54006      3.01%     62.56% |       54514      3.04%     65.60% |       63362      3.53%     69.13% |       57994      3.23%     72.37% |       53236      2.97%     75.34% |       53299      2.97%     78.31% |       51436      2.87%     81.18% |       52499      2.93%     84.11% |       52302      2.92%     87.02% |       55505      3.10%     90.12% |       55155      3.08%     93.19% |       63464      3.54%     96.73% |       58598      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1793210                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         176     11.53%     11.53% |          48      3.15%     14.68% |          44      2.88%     17.56% |          44      2.88%     20.45% |          42      2.75%     23.20% |          42      2.75%     25.95% |          44      2.88%     28.83% |          44      2.88%     31.72% |          44      2.88%     34.60% |          44      2.88%     37.48% |          42      2.75%     40.24% |          42      2.75%     42.99% |          42      2.75%     45.74% |          42      2.75%     48.49% |          42      2.75%     51.25% |          42      2.75%     54.00% |          42      2.75%     56.75% |          44      2.88%     59.63% |          44      2.88%     62.52% |          44      2.88%     65.40% |          44      2.88%     68.28% |          46      3.01%     71.30% |          44      2.88%     74.18% |          42      2.75%     76.93% |          42      2.75%     79.69% |          46      3.01%     82.70% |          44      2.88%     85.58% |          42      2.75%     88.34% |          42      2.75%     91.09% |          44      2.88%     93.97% |          46      3.01%     96.99% |          46      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1526                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         507      3.20%      3.20% |         456      2.88%      6.08% |         443      2.80%      8.88% |         452      2.86%     11.74% |         452      2.86%     14.59% |         432      2.73%     17.32% |         473      2.99%     20.31% |         493      3.11%     23.42% |         509      3.22%     26.64% |         451      2.85%     29.49% |         491      3.10%     32.59% |         501      3.16%     35.75% |         556      3.51%     39.27% |         529      3.34%     42.61% |         512      3.23%     45.84% |         498      3.15%     48.99% |         523      3.30%     52.29% |         537      3.39%     55.69% |         534      3.37%     59.06% |         488      3.08%     62.14% |         475      3.00%     65.14% |         529      3.34%     68.48% |         483      3.05%     71.54% |         458      2.89%     74.43% |         524      3.31%     77.74% |         585      3.70%     81.43% |         528      3.34%     84.77% |         485      3.06%     87.83% |         462      2.92%     90.75% |         514      3.25%     94.00% |         492      3.11%     97.11% |         458      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        15830                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       25329      5.03%      5.03% |       15477      3.07%      8.10% |       15515      3.08%     11.18% |       15462      3.07%     14.25% |       15435      3.06%     17.31% |       15417      3.06%     20.37% |       15417      3.06%     23.43% |       15414      3.06%     26.49% |       15446      3.07%     29.56% |       15461      3.07%     32.63% |       15491      3.08%     35.70% |       15411      3.06%     38.76% |       15423      3.06%     41.82% |       15432      3.06%     44.89% |       15441      3.07%     47.95% |       15402      3.06%     51.01% |       15414      3.06%     54.07% |       15407      3.06%     57.13% |       15435      3.06%     60.19% |       15414      3.06%     63.25% |       15438      3.06%     66.32% |       15451      3.07%     69.38% |       15448      3.07%     72.45% |       15425      3.06%     75.51% |       15438      3.06%     78.58% |       15438      3.06%     81.64% |       15412      3.06%     84.70% |       15399      3.06%     87.76% |       15439      3.06%     90.82% |       15400      3.06%     93.88% |       15401      3.06%     96.94% |       15439      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       503771                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       24724      3.13%      3.13% |       24666      3.12%      6.25% |       24676      3.12%      9.38% |       24680      3.13%     12.50% |       24670      3.12%     15.63% |       24674      3.12%     18.75% |       24675      3.12%     21.88% |       24666      3.12%     25.00% |       24683      3.13%     28.13% |       24680      3.13%     31.25% |       24663      3.12%     34.38% |       24687      3.13%     37.50% |       24675      3.12%     40.63% |       24671      3.12%     43.75% |       24669      3.12%     46.87% |       24662      3.12%     50.00% |       24683      3.13%     53.12% |       24681      3.13%     56.25% |       24678      3.13%     59.37% |       24675      3.12%     62.50% |       24688      3.13%     65.62% |       24695      3.13%     68.75% |       24670      3.12%     71.88% |       24674      3.12%     75.00% |       24686      3.13%     78.13% |       24680      3.13%     81.25% |       24684      3.13%     84.38% |       24672      3.12%     87.50% |       24672      3.12%     90.63% |       24674      3.12%     93.75% |       24685      3.13%     96.88% |       24670      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       789688                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3378      3.07%      3.07% |        3264      2.97%      6.04% |        3018      2.74%      8.78% |        2999      2.73%     11.51% |        3160      2.87%     14.39% |        3655      3.32%     17.71% |        3264      2.97%     20.68% |        2852      2.59%     23.27% |        3112      2.83%     26.10% |        4788      4.35%     30.45% |        3477      3.16%     33.62% |        3383      3.08%     36.69% |        3061      2.78%     39.48% |        3899      3.55%     43.02% |        3428      3.12%     46.14% |        3275      2.98%     49.12% |        3658      3.33%     52.44% |        3734      3.40%     55.84% |        3233      2.94%     58.78% |        2878      2.62%     61.40% |        2662      2.42%     63.82% |        3276      2.98%     66.80% |        3108      2.83%     69.62% |        2968      2.70%     72.32% |        3210      2.92%     75.24% |        3265      2.97%     78.21% |        2771      2.52%     80.73% |        4223      3.84%     84.57% |        3638      3.31%     87.88% |        4723      4.29%     92.17% |        4595      4.18%     96.35% |        4012      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       109967                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |          57     13.07%     13.07% |          21      4.82%     17.89% |          13      2.98%     20.87% |          27      6.19%     27.06% |          10      2.29%     29.36% |          86     19.72%     49.08% |          17      3.90%     52.98% |           7      1.61%     54.59% |           4      0.92%     55.50% |           0      0.00%     55.50% |          13      2.98%     58.49% |           5      1.15%     59.63% |           3      0.69%     60.32% |           4      0.92%     61.24% |          34      7.80%     69.04% |           3      0.69%     69.72% |           8      1.83%     71.56% |           5      1.15%     72.71% |          62     14.22%     86.93% |          18      4.13%     91.06% |           0      0.00%     91.06% |           8      1.83%     92.89% |           3      0.69%     93.58% |           5      1.15%     94.72% |           7      1.61%     96.33% |           0      0.00%     96.33% |           1      0.23%     96.56% |           3      0.69%     97.25% |           5      1.15%     98.39% |           0      0.00%     98.39% |           5      1.15%     99.54% |           2      0.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total          436                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      3.85%      3.85% |           4     15.38%     19.23% |           3     11.54%     30.77% |           2      7.69%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           1      3.85%     42.31% |           1      3.85%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           6     23.08%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           2      7.69%     76.92% |           1      3.85%     80.77% |           1      3.85%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      3.85%     88.46% |           0      0.00%     88.46% |           1      3.85%     92.31% |           1      3.85%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           1      3.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           0      0.00%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           1      4.55%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           1      4.55%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           2      9.09%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           5     22.73%     54.55% |           4     18.18%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     18.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      3.12%      3.12% |           2      6.25%      9.38% |           2      6.25%     15.62% |           2      6.25%     21.88% |           1      3.12%     25.00% |           2      6.25%     31.25% |           3      9.38%     40.62% |           1      3.12%     43.75% |           1      3.12%     46.88% |           2      6.25%     53.12% |           1      3.12%     56.25% |           1      3.12%     59.38% |           2      6.25%     65.62% |           1      3.12%     68.75% |           2      6.25%     75.00% |           1      3.12%     78.12% |           1      3.12%     81.25% |           1      3.12%     84.38% |           2      6.25%     90.62% |           0      0.00%     90.62% |           1      3.12%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           1      3.12%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           1      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           32                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         507      3.20%      3.20% |         457      2.89%      6.09% |         443      2.80%      8.89% |         452      2.86%     11.75% |         453      2.86%     14.61% |         434      2.74%     17.35% |         473      2.99%     20.34% |         492      3.11%     23.45% |         508      3.21%     26.66% |         448      2.83%     29.49% |         492      3.11%     32.60% |         502      3.17%     35.77% |         554      3.50%     39.27% |         528      3.34%     42.60% |         511      3.23%     45.83% |         496      3.13%     48.97% |         521      3.29%     52.26% |         537      3.39%     55.65% |         534      3.37%     59.03% |         485      3.06%     62.09% |         476      3.01%     65.10% |         530      3.35%     68.45% |         485      3.06%     71.51% |         460      2.91%     74.42% |         527      3.33%     77.75% |         586      3.70%     81.45% |         530      3.35%     84.80% |         484      3.06%     87.86% |         460      2.91%     90.76% |         513      3.24%     94.00% |         490      3.10%     97.10% |         459      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        15827                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      3.92%      3.92% |           8      7.84%     11.76% |           7      6.86%     18.63% |           5      4.90%     23.53% |           2      1.96%     25.49% |           5      4.90%     30.39% |           4      3.92%     34.31% |           1      0.98%     35.29% |           1      0.98%     36.27% |           1      0.98%     37.25% |           2      1.96%     39.22% |           3      2.94%     42.16% |           5      4.90%     47.06% |           0      0.00%     47.06% |           4      3.92%     50.98% |           0      0.00%     50.98% |           0      0.00%     50.98% |           2      1.96%     52.94% |          11     10.78%     63.73% |           6      5.88%     69.61% |           3      2.94%     72.55% |           1      0.98%     73.53% |           2      1.96%     75.49% |           2      1.96%     77.45% |           4      3.92%     81.37% |           3      2.94%     84.31% |           3      2.94%     87.25% |           2      1.96%     89.22% |           6      5.88%     95.10% |           1      0.98%     96.08% |           2      1.96%     98.04% |           2      1.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total          102                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       89224     39.18%     39.18% |        5262      2.31%     41.50% |        3168      1.39%     42.89% |        5909      2.60%     45.48% |        5484      2.41%     47.89% |        4301      1.89%     49.78% |        2791      1.23%     51.00% |        2762      1.21%     52.22% |        5006      2.20%     54.42% |        3565      1.57%     55.98% |        6854      3.01%     58.99% |        5073      2.23%     61.22% |        3567      1.57%     62.79% |        3041      1.34%     64.12% |        2700      1.19%     65.31% |        2769      1.22%     66.52% |        4761      2.09%     68.61% |        3257      1.43%     70.05% |        3360      1.48%     71.52% |        4467      1.96%     73.48% |        4407      1.94%     75.42% |       10670      4.69%     80.10% |        7632      3.35%     83.46% |        4112      1.81%     85.26% |        4021      1.77%     87.03% |        3481      1.53%     88.56% |        3029      1.33%     89.89% |        2756      1.21%     91.10% |        4628      2.03%     93.13% |        3975      1.75%     94.87% |        5739      2.52%     97.40% |        5931      2.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       227702                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       32870     12.08%     12.08% |        8872      3.26%     15.35% |        5926      2.18%     17.52% |        6937      2.55%     20.08% |        7914      2.91%     22.98% |        5123      1.88%     24.87% |        3063      1.13%     25.99% |        3112      1.14%     27.14% |        5793      2.13%     29.27% |        6102      2.24%     31.51% |        7039      2.59%     34.10% |        5850      2.15%     36.25% |        4613      1.70%     37.95% |        3762      1.38%     39.33% |        5065      1.86%     41.19% |        3770      1.39%     42.58% |        5617      2.07%     44.64% |        5016      1.84%     46.49% |        6418      2.36%     48.85% |        9445      3.47%     52.32% |        9980      3.67%     55.99% |       12546      4.61%     60.60% |       10244      3.77%     64.37% |        9025      3.32%     67.68% |        9153      3.37%     71.05% |        7836      2.88%     73.93% |        9373      3.45%     77.38% |        9474      3.48%     80.86% |       10761      3.96%     84.82% |       11106      4.08%     88.90% |       17638      6.48%     95.38% |       12558      4.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       272001                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       34175      4.30%      4.30% |       24488      3.08%      7.39% |       24504      3.09%     10.48% |       24498      3.09%     13.56% |       24489      3.08%     16.65% |       24483      3.08%     19.73% |       24491      3.08%     22.82% |       24495      3.09%     25.90% |       24519      3.09%     28.99% |       24515      3.09%     32.08% |       24513      3.09%     35.16% |       24522      3.09%     38.25% |       24501      3.09%     41.34% |       24510      3.09%     44.43% |       24507      3.09%     47.51% |       24503      3.09%     50.60% |       24532      3.09%     53.69% |       24516      3.09%     56.78% |       24521      3.09%     59.87% |       24520      3.09%     62.96% |       24503      3.09%     66.04% |       24521      3.09%     69.13% |       24512      3.09%     72.22% |       24505      3.09%     75.31% |       24522      3.09%     78.39% |       24515      3.09%     81.48% |       24510      3.09%     84.57% |       24502      3.09%     87.66% |       24506      3.09%     90.74% |       24490      3.08%     93.83% |       24498      3.09%     96.91% |       24504      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       793890                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       14697      3.17%      3.17% |       14552      3.14%      6.30% |       14577      3.14%      9.44% |       14542      3.13%     12.58% |       14517      3.13%     15.70% |       14500      3.12%     18.83% |       14502      3.12%     21.95% |       14489      3.12%     25.07% |       14511      3.13%     28.20% |       14531      3.13%     31.33% |       14524      3.13%     34.46% |       14478      3.12%     37.58% |       14502      3.12%     40.70% |       14496      3.12%     43.83% |       14500      3.12%     46.95% |       14467      3.12%     50.07% |       14472      3.12%     53.18% |       14475      3.12%     56.30% |       14492      3.12%     59.42% |       14475      3.12%     62.54% |       14505      3.13%     65.67% |       14477      3.12%     68.79% |       14488      3.12%     71.91% |       14476      3.12%     75.03% |       14500      3.12%     78.15% |       14499      3.12%     81.27% |       14485      3.12%     84.40% |       14470      3.12%     87.51% |       14507      3.13%     90.64% |       14485      3.12%     93.76% |       14483      3.12%     96.88% |       14485      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       464159                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          34      4.80%      4.80% |          24      3.39%      8.18% |          22      3.10%     11.28% |          22      3.10%     14.39% |          21      2.96%     17.35% |          21      2.96%     20.31% |          22      3.10%     23.41% |          22      3.10%     26.52% |          22      3.10%     29.62% |          22      3.10%     32.72% |          21      2.96%     35.68% |          21      2.96%     38.65% |          21      2.96%     41.61% |          21      2.96%     44.57% |          21      2.96%     47.53% |          21      2.96%     50.49% |          21      2.96%     53.46% |          22      3.10%     56.56% |          22      3.10%     59.66% |          22      3.10%     62.76% |          22      3.10%     65.87% |          23      3.24%     69.11% |          22      3.10%     72.21% |          21      2.96%     75.18% |          21      2.96%     78.14% |          23      3.24%     81.38% |          22      3.10%     84.49% |          21      2.96%     87.45% |          21      2.96%     90.41% |          22      3.10%     93.51% |          23      3.24%     96.76% |          23      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          709                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      6.25%      6.25% |           1      6.25%     12.50% |           1      6.25%     18.75% |           0      0.00%     18.75% |           1      6.25%     25.00% |           1      6.25%     31.25% |           1      6.25%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           1      6.25%     50.00% |           1      6.25%     56.25% |           1      6.25%     62.50% |           1      6.25%     68.75% |           1      6.25%     75.00% |           1      6.25%     81.25% |           1      6.25%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      172005      9.61%      9.61% |       54207      3.03%     12.63% |       49206      2.75%     15.38% |       52916      2.96%     18.34% |       53429      2.98%     21.32% |       49434      2.76%     24.08% |       45877      2.56%     26.64% |       45885      2.56%     29.20% |       50858      2.84%     32.04% |       49741      2.78%     34.82% |       53959      3.01%     37.84% |       50953      2.85%     40.68% |       48217      2.69%     43.37% |       46837      2.62%     45.99% |       47803      2.67%     48.66% |       46534      2.60%     51.26% |       50405      2.81%     54.07% |       48290      2.70%     56.77% |       49824      2.78%     59.55% |       53935      3.01%     62.56% |       54422      3.04%     65.60% |       63239      3.53%     69.13% |       57904      3.23%     72.37% |       53147      2.97%     75.34% |       53228      2.97%     78.31% |       51365      2.87%     81.18% |       52428      2.93%     84.10% |       52231      2.92%     87.02% |       55434      3.10%     90.12% |       55083      3.08%     93.19% |       63387      3.54%     96.73% |       58509      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1790692                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           1      1.75%      1.75% |           2      3.51%      5.26% |           4      7.02%     12.28% |           2      3.51%     15.79% |           1      1.75%     17.54% |           5      8.77%     26.32% |           2      3.51%     29.82% |           0      0.00%     29.82% |           0      0.00%     29.82% |           0      0.00%     29.82% |           3      5.26%     35.09% |           1      1.75%     36.84% |           1      1.75%     38.60% |           0      0.00%     38.60% |           0      0.00%     38.60% |           0      0.00%     38.60% |           0      0.00%     38.60% |           0      0.00%     38.60% |           2      3.51%     42.11% |           1      1.75%     43.86% |           2      3.51%     47.37% |           5      8.77%     56.14% |           4      7.02%     63.16% |           2      3.51%     66.67% |           1      1.75%     68.42% |           2      3.51%     71.93% |           1      1.75%     73.68% |           2      3.51%     77.19% |           4      7.02%     84.21% |           4      7.02%     91.23% |           4      7.02%     98.25% |           1      1.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total           57                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          67      3.74%      3.74% |          50      2.79%      6.53% |          58      3.23%      9.76% |          52      2.90%     12.66% |          51      2.84%     15.50% |          54      3.01%     18.52% |          48      2.68%     21.19% |          50      2.79%     23.98% |          53      2.96%     26.94% |          50      2.79%     29.73% |          67      3.74%     33.46% |          50      2.79%     36.25% |          49      2.73%     38.98% |          52      2.90%     41.89% |          57      3.18%     45.06% |          50      2.79%     47.85% |          49      2.73%     50.59% |          50      2.79%     53.37% |          50      2.79%     56.16% |          50      2.79%     58.95% |          68      3.79%     62.74% |          95      5.30%     68.04% |          66      3.68%     71.72% |          69      3.85%     75.57% |          53      2.96%     78.53% |          53      2.96%     81.48% |          52      2.90%     84.38% |          53      2.96%     87.34% |          51      2.84%     90.18% |          50      2.79%     92.97% |          56      3.12%     96.10% |          70      3.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         1793                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6     19.35%     19.35% |           9     29.03%     48.39% |           0      0.00%     48.39% |           0      0.00%     48.39% |           0      0.00%     48.39% |           0      0.00%     48.39% |           0      0.00%     48.39% |           0      0.00%     48.39% |           0      0.00%     48.39% |           0      0.00%     48.39% |           0      0.00%     48.39% |           0      0.00%     48.39% |           0      0.00%     48.39% |           0      0.00%     48.39% |           0      0.00%     48.39% |           0      0.00%     48.39% |           0      0.00%     48.39% |           0      0.00%     48.39% |           0      0.00%     48.39% |           0      0.00%     48.39% |           0      0.00%     48.39% |           0      0.00%     48.39% |          12     38.71%     87.10% |           1      3.23%     90.32% |           3      9.68%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           31                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      9.09%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           9     81.82%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           1      9.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           11                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          15    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           15                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       49536      3.88%      3.88% |       39575      3.10%      6.98% |       39610      3.10%     10.08% |       39570      3.10%     13.18% |       39533      3.10%     16.28% |       39499      3.09%     19.37% |       39541      3.10%     22.47% |       39549      3.10%     25.57% |       39614      3.10%     28.67% |       39568      3.10%     31.77% |       39621      3.10%     34.88% |       39575      3.10%     37.98% |       39630      3.10%     41.08% |       39608      3.10%     44.18% |       39598      3.10%     47.29% |       39538      3.10%     50.38% |       39596      3.10%     53.49% |       39601      3.10%     56.59% |       39623      3.10%     59.69% |       39553      3.10%     62.79% |       39577      3.10%     65.89% |       39651      3.11%     69.00% |       39577      3.10%     72.10% |       39533      3.10%     75.19% |       39624      3.10%     78.30% |       39679      3.11%     81.41% |       39600      3.10%     84.51% |       39532      3.10%     87.61% |       39549      3.10%     90.70% |       39564      3.10%     93.80% |       39554      3.10%     96.90% |       39543      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1276521                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          34      4.80%      4.80% |          24      3.39%      8.18% |          22      3.10%     11.28% |          22      3.10%     14.39% |          21      2.96%     17.35% |          21      2.96%     20.31% |          22      3.10%     23.41% |          22      3.10%     26.52% |          22      3.10%     29.62% |          22      3.10%     32.72% |          21      2.96%     35.68% |          21      2.96%     38.65% |          21      2.96%     41.61% |          21      2.96%     44.57% |          21      2.96%     47.53% |          21      2.96%     50.49% |          21      2.96%     53.46% |          22      3.10%     56.56% |          22      3.10%     59.66% |          22      3.10%     62.76% |          22      3.10%     65.87% |          23      3.24%     69.11% |          22      3.10%     72.21% |          21      2.96%     75.18% |          21      2.96%     78.14% |          23      3.24%     81.38% |          22      3.10%     84.49% |          21      2.96%     87.45% |          21      2.96%     90.41% |          22      3.10%     93.51% |          23      3.24%     96.76% |          23      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          709                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          53     60.23%     60.23% |           1      1.14%     61.36% |           3      3.41%     64.77% |           0      0.00%     64.77% |           0      0.00%     64.77% |           0      0.00%     64.77% |           0      0.00%     64.77% |           0      0.00%     64.77% |           0      0.00%     64.77% |           0      0.00%     64.77% |           2      2.27%     67.05% |           0      0.00%     67.05% |           1      1.14%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           2      2.27%     70.45% |           1      1.14%     71.59% |           2      2.27%     73.86% |           2      2.27%     76.14% |           2      2.27%     78.41% |           1      1.14%     79.55% |           1      1.14%     80.68% |           1      1.14%     81.82% |           1      1.14%     82.95% |           2      2.27%     85.23% |           4      4.55%     89.77% |           4      4.55%     94.32% |           4      4.55%     98.86% |           1      1.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           88                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           2      8.70%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           2      8.70%     26.09% |           1      4.35%     30.43% |           5     21.74%     52.17% |           2      8.70%     60.87% |           0      0.00%     60.87% |           0      0.00%     60.87% |           0      0.00%     60.87% |           1      4.35%     65.22% |           1      4.35%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           3     13.04%     82.61% |           2      8.70%     91.30% |           1      4.35%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           1      4.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     18.18%     18.18% |           9     81.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           11                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           5      2.28%      2.28% |           6      2.74%      5.02% |           9      4.11%      9.13% |           8      3.65%     12.79% |           7      3.20%     15.98% |           4      1.83%     17.81% |           3      1.37%     19.18% |           5      2.28%     21.46% |           9      4.11%     25.57% |           4      1.83%     27.40% |           7      3.20%     30.59% |           4      1.83%     32.42% |           6      2.74%     35.16% |           3      1.37%     36.53% |           4      1.83%     38.36% |           4      1.83%     40.18% |           5      2.28%     42.47% |           7      3.20%     45.66% |           7      3.20%     48.86% |           7      3.20%     52.05% |          22     10.05%     62.10% |          22     10.05%     72.15% |           3      1.37%     73.52% |           5      2.28%     75.80% |           6      2.74%     78.54% |           5      2.28%     80.82% |           7      3.20%     84.02% |           7      3.20%     87.21% |           6      2.74%     89.95% |           6      2.74%     92.69% |          10      4.57%     97.26% |           6      2.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          219                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          62      3.94%      3.94% |          44      2.80%      6.73% |          49      3.11%      9.85% |          44      2.80%     12.64% |          44      2.80%     15.44% |          50      3.18%     18.61% |          45      2.86%     21.47% |          45      2.86%     24.33% |          44      2.80%     27.13% |          46      2.92%     30.05% |          60      3.81%     33.86% |          46      2.92%     36.79% |          43      2.73%     39.52% |          49      3.11%     42.63% |          53      3.37%     46.00% |          46      2.92%     48.92% |          44      2.80%     51.72% |          43      2.73%     54.45% |          43      2.73%     57.18% |          43      2.73%     59.91% |          46      2.92%     62.83% |          73      4.64%     67.47% |          63      4.00%     71.47% |          64      4.07%     75.54% |          47      2.99%     78.53% |          48      3.05%     81.58% |          45      2.86%     84.43% |          46      2.92%     87.36% |          45      2.86%     90.22% |          44      2.80%     93.01% |          46      2.92%     95.93% |          64      4.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1574                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         507      3.20%      3.20% |         457      2.89%      6.09% |         443      2.80%      8.89% |         452      2.86%     11.75% |         453      2.86%     14.61% |         434      2.74%     17.35% |         473      2.99%     20.34% |         492      3.11%     23.45% |         508      3.21%     26.66% |         448      2.83%     29.49% |         492      3.11%     32.60% |         502      3.17%     35.77% |         554      3.50%     39.27% |         528      3.34%     42.60% |         511      3.23%     45.83% |         496      3.13%     48.97% |         521      3.29%     52.26% |         537      3.39%     55.65% |         534      3.37%     59.03% |         485      3.06%     62.09% |         476      3.01%     65.10% |         530      3.35%     68.45% |         485      3.06%     71.51% |         460      2.91%     74.42% |         527      3.33%     77.75% |         586      3.70%     81.45% |         530      3.35%     84.80% |         484      3.06%     87.86% |         460      2.91%     90.76% |         513      3.24%     94.00% |         490      3.10%     97.10% |         459      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        15827                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      6.25%      6.25% |           1      6.25%     12.50% |           1      6.25%     18.75% |           0      0.00%     18.75% |           1      6.25%     25.00% |           1      6.25%     31.25% |           1      6.25%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           1      6.25%     50.00% |           1      6.25%     56.25% |           1      6.25%     62.50% |           1      6.25%     68.75% |           1      6.25%     75.00% |           1      6.25%     81.25% |           1      6.25%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      3.12%      3.12% |           2      6.25%      9.38% |           2      6.25%     15.62% |           2      6.25%     21.88% |           1      3.12%     25.00% |           2      6.25%     31.25% |           3      9.38%     40.62% |           1      3.12%     43.75% |           1      3.12%     46.88% |           2      6.25%     53.12% |           1      3.12%     56.25% |           1      3.12%     59.38% |           2      6.25%     65.62% |           1      3.12%     68.75% |           2      6.25%     75.00% |           1      3.12%     78.12% |           1      3.12%     81.25% |           1      3.12%     84.38% |           2      6.25%     90.62% |           0      0.00%     90.62% |           1      3.12%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           1      3.12%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           1      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           32                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       25329      5.03%      5.03% |       15477      3.07%      8.10% |       15515      3.08%     11.18% |       15462      3.07%     14.25% |       15435      3.06%     17.31% |       15417      3.06%     20.37% |       15417      3.06%     23.43% |       15414      3.06%     26.49% |       15446      3.07%     29.56% |       15461      3.07%     32.63% |       15491      3.08%     35.70% |       15411      3.06%     38.76% |       15423      3.06%     41.82% |       15432      3.06%     44.89% |       15441      3.07%     47.95% |       15402      3.06%     51.01% |       15414      3.06%     54.07% |       15407      3.06%     57.13% |       15435      3.06%     60.19% |       15414      3.06%     63.25% |       15438      3.06%     66.32% |       15451      3.07%     69.38% |       15448      3.07%     72.45% |       15425      3.06%     75.51% |       15438      3.06%     78.58% |       15438      3.06%     81.64% |       15412      3.06%     84.70% |       15399      3.06%     87.76% |       15439      3.06%     90.82% |       15400      3.06%     93.88% |       15401      3.06%     96.94% |       15439      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       503771                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         507      3.20%      3.20% |         456      2.88%      6.08% |         443      2.80%      8.88% |         452      2.86%     11.74% |         452      2.86%     14.59% |         432      2.73%     17.32% |         473      2.99%     20.31% |         493      3.11%     23.42% |         509      3.22%     26.64% |         451      2.85%     29.49% |         491      3.10%     32.59% |         501      3.16%     35.75% |         556      3.51%     39.27% |         529      3.34%     42.61% |         512      3.23%     45.84% |         498      3.15%     48.99% |         523      3.30%     52.29% |         537      3.39%     55.69% |         534      3.37%     59.06% |         488      3.08%     62.14% |         475      3.00%     65.14% |         529      3.34%     68.48% |         483      3.05%     71.54% |         458      2.89%     74.43% |         524      3.31%     77.74% |         585      3.70%     81.43% |         528      3.34%     84.77% |         485      3.06%     87.83% |         462      2.92%     90.75% |         514      3.25%     94.00% |         492      3.11%     97.11% |         458      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        15830                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       24724      3.13%      3.13% |       24666      3.12%      6.25% |       24676      3.12%      9.38% |       24680      3.13%     12.50% |       24670      3.12%     15.63% |       24674      3.12%     18.75% |       24675      3.12%     21.88% |       24666      3.12%     25.00% |       24683      3.13%     28.13% |       24680      3.13%     31.25% |       24663      3.12%     34.38% |       24687      3.13%     37.50% |       24675      3.12%     40.63% |       24671      3.12%     43.75% |       24669      3.12%     46.87% |       24662      3.12%     50.00% |       24683      3.13%     53.12% |       24681      3.13%     56.25% |       24678      3.13%     59.37% |       24675      3.12%     62.50% |       24688      3.13%     65.62% |       24695      3.13%     68.75% |       24670      3.12%     71.88% |       24674      3.12%     75.00% |       24686      3.13%     78.13% |       24680      3.13%     81.25% |       24684      3.13%     84.38% |       24672      3.12%     87.50% |       24672      3.12%     90.63% |       24674      3.12%     93.75% |       24685      3.13%     96.88% |       24670      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       789688                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      4.17%      4.17% |           4      8.33%     12.50% |           5     10.42%     22.92% |           3      6.25%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           1      2.08%     31.25% |           1      2.08%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      2.08%     35.42% |           6     12.50%     47.92% |           0      0.00%     47.92% |           2      4.17%     52.08% |           0      0.00%     52.08% |           0      0.00%     52.08% |           0      0.00%     52.08% |           7     14.58%     66.67% |           5     10.42%     77.08% |           1      2.08%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           1      2.08%     81.25% |           1      2.08%     83.33% |           1      2.08%     85.42% |           1      2.08%     87.50% |           5     10.42%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           1      2.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           48                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      172147      9.60%      9.60% |       54277      3.03%     12.63% |       49285      2.75%     15.38% |       52988      2.96%     18.33% |       53503      2.98%     21.31% |       49515      2.76%     24.08% |       45946      2.56%     26.64% |       45954      2.56%     29.20% |       50928      2.84%     32.04% |       49808      2.78%     34.82% |       54047      3.01%     37.83% |       51021      2.85%     40.68% |       48278      2.69%     43.37% |       46906      2.62%     45.99% |       47875      2.67%     48.66% |       46603      2.60%     51.25% |       50475      2.81%     54.07% |       48361      2.70%     56.77% |       49891      2.78%     59.55% |       54001      3.01%     62.56% |       54513      3.04%     65.60% |       63362      3.53%     69.13% |       57994      3.23%     72.37% |       53236      2.97%     75.34% |       53298      2.97%     78.31% |       51435      2.87%     81.18% |       52498      2.93%     84.11% |       52301      2.92%     87.02% |       55500      3.10%     90.12% |       55155      3.08%     93.19% |       63463      3.54%     96.73% |       58598      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1793162                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      7.14%      7.14% |           1      7.14%     14.29% |           1      7.14%     21.43% |           0      0.00%     21.43% |           1      7.14%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           1      7.14%     50.00% |           1      7.14%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      7.14%      7.14% |           1      7.14%     14.29% |           1      7.14%     21.43% |           0      0.00%     21.43% |           1      7.14%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           1      7.14%     50.00% |           1      7.14%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total           14                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       35703     13.09%     13.09% |      136330     50.00%     63.09% |      100627     36.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       272660                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       35703     13.09%     13.09% |      136330     50.00%     63.09% |      100627     36.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       272660                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       35703     13.09%     13.09% |      136330     50.00%     63.09% |      100627     36.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       272660                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       35703     13.09%     13.09% |      136330     50.00%     63.09% |      100627     36.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       272660                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
