
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.034784                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 34784243000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5210952321500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  26621                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    49118                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               45284162                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4658660                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   768.13                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    20448179                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      37729424                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4959168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           4959168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3960512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        3960512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        77487                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              77487                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        61883                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             61883                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    142569381                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            142569381                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    113859370                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           113859370                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    256428751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           256428751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      77487                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     61883                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    77487                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   61883                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               4957888                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1280                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                3960256                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                4959168                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             3960512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    20                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             4396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             4824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             4540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             4963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             4827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             5340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             4951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             5213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             5027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             5196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            4605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            4784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            4572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            4622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            4793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            4814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             3628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             3578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             3628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             3768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             3868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             4189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             3908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             4176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             4033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             4114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            3685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            3644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            3777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            3908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            4053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            3922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                     2323                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     3281                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  34783739000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                77487                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               61883                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  41615                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   8009                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   5704                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   4150                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   2923                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   2107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   1451                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   1054                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                    835                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                    660                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                   568                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                   544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                   491                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                   418                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                   394                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                   369                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                   343                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                   339                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                   327                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                   319                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                   301                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                   280                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                   254                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                   216                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                   215                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                   201                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                   158                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                   133                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                   132                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                   136                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                   181                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                  2640                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                   9278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  10816                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  11218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  11155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  10857                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   2146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   1700                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   4713                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        62461                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   142.763004                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   102.796655                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   160.460735                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        38981     62.41%     62.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12724     20.37%     82.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6497     10.40%     93.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1575      2.52%     95.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          933      1.49%     97.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          496      0.79%     97.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          339      0.54%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          305      0.49%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          611      0.98%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        62461                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9739                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.953383                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    41.056264                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         9733     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5      0.05%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total         9739                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9739                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.353732                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.945292                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.883341                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           8174     83.93%     83.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           770      7.91%     91.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          268      2.75%     94.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          527      5.41%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total         9739                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  5716964376                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             7169470626                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 387335000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    73798.71                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               92548.71                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      142.53                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      113.85                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   142.57                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   113.86                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.89                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.23                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.86                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   46823                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  30050                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                60.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               48.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    249578.38                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   55.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8374911250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1161420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    25245121250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              234571680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              237595680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              127990500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              129640500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             304558800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             299559000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            199214640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            201728880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         2271737520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         2271737520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        13287237795                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        12811639770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0         9213391500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1         9630582750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          25638702435                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          25582484100                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          737.137489                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          735.521158                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      4873344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           4873344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3883520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        3883520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        76146                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              76146                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        60680                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             60680                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    140102057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            140102057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    111645954                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           111645954                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    251748011                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           251748011                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      76148                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     60680                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    76148                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   60680                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               4872512                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                3883264                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                4873472                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             3883520                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             4328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             4731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             4456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             4891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             4762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             5281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             4882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             5157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             4920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             5081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            4508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            4720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            4475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            4566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            4636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            4739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             3562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             3519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             3562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             3720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             3804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             4118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             3831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             4099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             3947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             4015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            3603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            3578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            3703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            3838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            3924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            3853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                     2148                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     3722                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  34783615500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                76148                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               60680                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  40897                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   7488                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   5665                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   4185                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   2995                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   2075                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   1470                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   1085                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                    840                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                    690                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                   577                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                   504                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                   473                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                   452                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                   421                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                   390                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                   377                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                   361                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                   334                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                   310                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                   280                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                   268                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                   244                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                   232                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                   211                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                   194                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                   160                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                   147                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                   117                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                   120                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                   145                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                  2426                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                   9086                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  10494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  10837                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  10840                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  10594                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   2056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   1645                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   5128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        60588                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   144.491186                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   103.459165                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   163.357383                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        37631     62.11%     62.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12367     20.41%     82.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6382     10.53%     93.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1468      2.42%     95.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          930      1.53%     97.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          521      0.86%     97.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          386      0.64%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          269      0.44%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          634      1.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        60588                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9545                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.975170                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    32.774128                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         9540     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total         9545                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9545                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.356836                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.940580                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.917571                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           8018     84.00%     84.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           731      7.66%     91.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          259      2.71%     94.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          537      5.63%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total         9545                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  5640677942                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             7068171692                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 380665000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    74089.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               92839.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      140.08                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      111.64                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   140.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   111.65                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.20                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.92                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   46051                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  30159                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                60.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               49.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    254214.16                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   55.70                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8732315000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1161420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    24888372000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              229582080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              228410280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              125268000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              124628625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             300128400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             293568600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            195786720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            197328960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         2271737520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         2271737520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        13159633320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        12407282055                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0         9325325250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1         9985282500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          25607461290                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          25508238540                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          736.239276                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          733.386526                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      4875008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           4875008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3884800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        3884800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        76172                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              76172                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        60700                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             60700                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    140149895                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            140149895                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    111682752                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           111682752                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    251832647                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           251832647                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      76172                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     60700                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    76172                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   60700                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               4873984                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                3884672                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                4875008                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             3884800                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             4320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             4739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             4464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             4906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             4763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             5280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             4863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             5157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             4905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             5097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            4510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            4762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            4481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            4534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            4625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            4750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             3561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             3524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             3560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             3712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             3805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             4114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             3836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             4111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             3949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             4026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            3602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            3586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            3712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            3826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            3925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            3849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                     1960                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     3717                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  34783989000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                76172                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               60700                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  41025                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   7442                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   5559                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   4247                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   3111                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   2084                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   1381                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   1025                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                    834                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                    661                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                   604                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                   534                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                   507                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                   472                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                   400                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                   382                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                   357                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                   347                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                   323                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                   297                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                   295                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                   280                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                   268                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                   249                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                   232                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                   204                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                   199                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                   146                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                   132                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                   136                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                   161                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                  2262                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                   9045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  10470                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  10880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  10861                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  10602                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   2040                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   1654                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   5148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        60564                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   144.604451                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   103.510397                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   163.353145                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        37634     62.14%     62.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12295     20.30%     82.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6389     10.55%     92.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1509      2.49%     95.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639          940      1.55%     97.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          501      0.83%     97.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          403      0.67%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          250      0.41%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          643      1.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        60564                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9527                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.992757                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    32.884768                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         9522     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total         9527                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9527                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.371156                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.951834                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.932397                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           7992     83.89%     83.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           744      7.81%     91.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          234      2.46%     94.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          557      5.85%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total         9527                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  5606903912                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             7034828912                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 380780000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    73623.93                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               92373.93                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      140.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      111.68                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   140.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   111.68                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        1.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.20                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.94                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   46112                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  30171                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                60.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               49.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    254135.17                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   55.74                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8713803750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1161420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    24906382250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              229476240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              228364920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              125210250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              124603875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             300175200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             293748000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            195845040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            197445600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         2271737520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         2271737520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        13040883225                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        12534832665                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0         9429492000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1         9873396000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          25592819475                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          25524128580                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          735.818310                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          733.843380                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      4849792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           4849792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3876736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        3876736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        75778                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              75778                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        60574                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             60574                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    139424969                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            139424969                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    111450923                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           111450923                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    250875892                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           250875892                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      75778                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     60574                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    75778                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   60574                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               4849216                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    576                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                3876544                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                4849792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             3876736                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     9                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             4296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             4700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             4410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             4858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             4718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             5224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             4865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             5141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             4904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             5081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            4509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            4721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            4467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            4509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            4638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            4728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             3557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             3514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             3548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             3695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             3800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             4094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             3825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             4095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             3946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             4025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            3593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            3588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            3707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            3828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            3916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            3840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                     1924                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     3638                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  34783480000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                75778                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               60574                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  40711                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   7363                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   5558                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   4201                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   3054                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   2070                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   1471                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   1056                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                    858                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                    726                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                   615                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                   507                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                   469                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                   426                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                   382                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                   370                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                   350                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                   330                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                   315                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                   317                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                   290                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                   284                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                   246                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                   232                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                   225                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                   194                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                   171                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                   167                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                   170                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                   180                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                   211                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                  2250                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                   9037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  10483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  10874                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  10879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  10589                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   2006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   1663                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   5043                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        60319                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   144.645369                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   103.468278                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   163.691088                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        37543     62.24%     62.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12216     20.25%     82.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6296     10.44%     92.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1562      2.59%     95.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639          893      1.48%     97.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          520      0.86%     97.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          379      0.63%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          258      0.43%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          652      1.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        60319                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9505                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.970752                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    33.976927                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         9499     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total         9505                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9505                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.372541                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.951336                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.933857                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           7935     83.48%     83.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           780      8.21%     91.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          251      2.64%     94.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          539      5.67%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total         9505                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  5624946521                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             7045615271                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 378845000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    74238.10                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               92988.10                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      139.41                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      111.45                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   139.42                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   111.45                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        1.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.19                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   45835                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  30180                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                60.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               49.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    255100.62                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   55.75                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8717667250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1161420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    24902714750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              227835720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              228168360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              124315125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              124496625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             298006800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             292913400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            195229440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            197238240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         2271737520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         2271737520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        13005460575                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        12510134280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0         9460564500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1         9895061250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          25583149680                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          25519749675                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          735.540294                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          733.717482                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1137                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1137                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1358                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1358                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               208                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              208                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          416                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          416                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          434                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4990                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          789                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          868                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3983                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4815                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               176000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              488500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              427024                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              106024                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1816000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          382                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1564672                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          382                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size               1024                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket               10239                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                7145208                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 35.451934                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                28.358774                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                47.023888                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     7143812     99.98%     99.98% |        1243      0.02%    100.00% |          64      0.00%    100.00% |          82      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  7145208                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     14360887                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.148796                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.823589                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      1.670425                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    12847945     89.46%     89.46% |     1316341      9.17%     98.63% |      118356      0.82%     99.46% |       42661      0.30%     99.75% |       18661      0.13%     99.88% |        9303      0.06%     99.95% |        4372      0.03%     99.98% |        2379      0.02%     99.99% |         869      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      14360887                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            14360884                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              20.207486                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.395481                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             87.637781                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    14292821     99.53%     99.53% |       47155      0.33%     99.85% |       12598      0.09%     99.94% |        4828      0.03%     99.98% |        2251      0.02%     99.99% |         927      0.01%    100.00% |         219      0.00%    100.00% |          64      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              14360884                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        12890931                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.002705                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.002331                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.052344                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    12856339     99.73%     99.73% |       34318      0.27%    100.00% |         274      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          12890931                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1469953                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        171.086897                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       124.393731                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       222.876581                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1401890     95.37%     95.37% |       47155      3.21%     98.58% |       12598      0.86%     99.43% |        4828      0.33%     99.76% |        2251      0.15%     99.92% |         927      0.06%     99.98% |         219      0.01%     99.99% |          64      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1469953                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     4751360                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    2514944                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         492692                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       492692                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           31                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           36                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles           26                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles           24                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits      7093190                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       288917                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      7382107                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      5087571                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       122988                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5210559                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       262352                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        15907                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       117094                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1318596                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        39897                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           38                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           38                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits        23346                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        33612                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        56958                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles         2638                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits        21563                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        32371                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        53934                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles         1662                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24318                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        38964                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        63282                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles         5214                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits        22424                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        34092                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        56516                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles         2089                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits        23965                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        34575                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        58540                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles         2523                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits        26873                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        41982                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68855                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles         5445                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits        21713                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        37097                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        58810                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles         4989                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24160                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        37600                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        61760                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles         5201                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits        23680                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses        34291                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        57971                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.fully_busy_cycles         3555                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits        23368                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses        35726                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        59094                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.fully_busy_cycles         5011                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24808                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses        35901                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        60709                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.fully_busy_cycles         4650                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits        22308                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses        34444                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        56752                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.fully_busy_cycles         4695                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits        22032                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses        34456                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        56488                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.fully_busy_cycles         4786                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24111                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses        34038                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        58149                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.fully_busy_cycles         3185                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits        23678                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses        36653                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        60331                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.fully_busy_cycles         5190                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits        25833                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses        39810                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        65643                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.fully_busy_cycles         5342                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24897                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses        33935                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        58832                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.fully_busy_cycles         4841                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24601                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses        38293                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        62894                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.fully_busy_cycles         5446                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits        23597                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses        35763                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        59360                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.fully_busy_cycles         5246                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits        20170                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses        26217                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        46387                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.fully_busy_cycles         1389                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits        21059                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses        33384                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        54443                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.fully_busy_cycles         4587                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits        21875                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses        32521                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        54396                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.fully_busy_cycles         4694                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits        26705                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses        35454                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        62159                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.fully_busy_cycles         5366                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits        22359                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses        30032                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        52391                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.fully_busy_cycles         2316                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24261                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses        35690                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        59951                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.fully_busy_cycles         4996                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits        22470                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses        35347                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        57817                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.fully_busy_cycles         5096                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits        22922                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses        34926                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        57848                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.fully_busy_cycles         4717                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits        27577                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses        39080                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        66657                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.fully_busy_cycles         5534                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits        25895                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses        40530                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        66425                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.fully_busy_cycles         5731                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits        23602                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses        31229                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        54831                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.fully_busy_cycles         1981                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        46179                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        27999                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        74178                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        19456                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        26287                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        45743                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        20249                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        26326                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        46575                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        20388                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        26260                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        46648                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        18500                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        26660                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        45160                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        18575                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        26330                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        44905                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        17404                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        26287                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        43691                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        17750                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        26255                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        44005                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        19210                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        26638                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        45848                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        18600                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        26313                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        44913                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        18379                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        26264                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        44643                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        18059                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        26243                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        44302                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        17856                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        26396                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        44252                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        17635                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        26532                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        44167                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        20534                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        26322                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        46856                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        17860                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        26251                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        44111                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        17354                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        26180                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        43534                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        18248                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        26544                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        44792                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        18474                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        26306                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        44780                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        17715                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        26301                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        44016                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        18858                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        26130                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        44988                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        18383                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        26494                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        44877                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        19269                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        26250                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        45519                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        18905                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        26342                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        45247                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        20342                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        26255                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        46597                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        22063                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        26226                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        48289                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        18313                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        26572                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        44885                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        18336                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        26249                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        44585                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        17682                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        26291                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        43973                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        17229                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        26299                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        43528                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        17817                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        26600                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        44417                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        19619                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        26313                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        45932                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles        11535                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      6836766                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      6836766                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7077682                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6836766                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3548808                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3512666                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      6836766                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.098274                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      4563906                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      4563906                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4938846                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4563906                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3279522                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3047478                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      4563906                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.065603                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      2956481                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      2956481                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3158852                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2956481                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1348615                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1336737                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      2956481                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.042497                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      2766719                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      2766719                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2950615                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2766719                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1341689                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1329675                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      2766719                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.039770                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      3242402                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      3242402                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3451367                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3242402                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1714556                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1701830                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      3242402                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.046607                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      3339100                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      3339100                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3554062                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3339100                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1765300                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1753292                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      3339100                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.047997                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      3831316                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      3831316                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4070849                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3831316                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1685576                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1671380                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      3831316                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.055073                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      3269079                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      3269079                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3545193                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3269079                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1684893                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1654355                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      3269079                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.046991                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      1916310                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      1916310                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2040710                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1916310                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity       929378                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity       920898                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      1916310                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.027546                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      2366765                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      2366765                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2498419                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2366765                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1247813                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1240605                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      2366765                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.034021                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      2244133                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      2244133                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2392205                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2244133                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1094633                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1085865                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      2244133                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.032258                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      1965397                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      1965397                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2085013                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1965397                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       927867                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       917585                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      1965397                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.028251                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      2482559                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      2482559                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2617555                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2482559                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1295302                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1288475                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      2482559                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.035685                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      2318599                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      2318599                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2475624                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2318599                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1113365                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1104975                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      2318599                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.033328                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1663297                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1663297                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1771116                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1663297                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       813005                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       806185                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1663297                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.023909                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      2230857                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      2230857                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2403863                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2230857                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1076462                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1065317                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      2230857                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.032067                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      2712926                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      2712926                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2936859                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2712926                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1262949                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1250626                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      2712926                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.038996                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      2549946                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      2549946                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2777104                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2549946                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1266908                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1254226                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      2549946                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.036654                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      2319487                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      2319487                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2510149                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2319487                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1111448                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1100827                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      2319487                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.033341                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      1754547                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      1754547                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1883032                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1754547                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       853758                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       845915                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      1754547                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.025220                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1199371                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1199371                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1233933                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1199371                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       599143                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       597059                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1199371                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.017240                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      1503879                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      1503879                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1562077                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1503879                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       777048                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       774403                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      1503879                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.021617                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      1484749                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      1484749                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1550156                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1484749                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       736036                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       733109                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      1484749                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.021342                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1028980                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1028980                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1055600                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1028980                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       504588                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       502968                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1028980                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.014791                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1153223                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1153223                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1188032                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1153223                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       556162                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       553807                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1153223                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.016577                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      1520347                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      1520347                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1581601                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1520347                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       785952                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       783107                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      1520347                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.021854                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      1530959                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      1530959                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1603488                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1530959                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       752429                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       749207                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      1530959                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.022007                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1104649                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1104649                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1136685                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1104649                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       535848                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       533693                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1104649                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.015879                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      2969251                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      2969251                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3214488                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2969251                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1363730                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1349867                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      2969251                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.042681                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      3105386                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      3105386                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3371979                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3105386                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1412645                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1393798                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      3105386                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.044638                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      3414465                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      3414465                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3732893                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3414465                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1578773                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1561305                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      3414465                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.049081                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      3425064                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      3425064                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3708689                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3425064                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1580306                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1565344                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      3425064                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.049233                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     5068933     27.21%     27.21% |    11433731     61.38%     88.60% |     2123935     11.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     18626599                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     5068933     27.21%     27.21% |    11433732     61.38%     88.60% |     2123935     11.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     18626600                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   155358053                       |   356194937                       |    58721728                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |    38572080                       |   103002004                       |     3188473                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   30.649064                       |   31.152993                       |   27.647611                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    7.609507                       |    9.008608                       |    1.501210                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    30.616148                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     7.771819                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         38.387967                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.004639                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.092239      6.46%      6.46% |    0.092251      6.46%     12.91% |    0.091890      6.43%     19.34% |    0.091861      6.43%     25.77% |    0.221625     15.51%     41.28% |    0.221296     15.49%     56.77% |    0.221339     15.49%     72.27% |    0.220989     15.47%     87.73% |    0.043845      3.07%     90.80% |    0.043832      3.07%     93.87% |    0.043814      3.07%     96.94% |    0.043790      3.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.428772                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.036282                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.024060                       |    0.000002                       |    0.003141                       |    0.002879                       |    0.003734                       |    0.003147                       |    0.003178                       |    0.004029                       |    0.003522                       |    0.003686                       |    0.003197                       |    0.003388                       |    0.003404                       |    0.003273                       |    0.003270                       |    0.003125                       |    0.003523                       |    0.003789                       |    0.003264                       |    0.003750                       |    0.003464                       |    0.002266                       |    0.003172                       |    0.003025                       |    0.003454                       |    0.002704                       |    0.003456                       |    0.003368                       |    0.003236                       |    0.003804                       |    0.003915                       |    0.002849                       |    0.005490                       |    0.002953                       |    0.002825                       |    0.002902                       |    0.002847                       |    0.002845                       |    0.002790                       |    0.002754                       |    0.002805                       |    0.002955                       |    0.003023                       |    0.003030                       |    0.002865                       |    0.002872                       |    0.002775                       |    0.002798                       |    0.002918                       |    0.002863                       |    0.002860                       |    0.002833                       |    0.002796                       |    0.003045                       |    0.002811                       |    0.002770                       |    0.002841                       |    0.002866                       |    0.002801                       |    0.002879                       |    0.002840                       |    0.002901                       |    0.002991                       |    0.003149                       |    0.006660                       |    0.006540                       |    0.006542                       |    0.006508                       |    0.000353                       |           0                       |    0.004055                       |    0.011188                       |    0.000251                       |    0.000272                       |    0.000256                       |    0.000274                       |    0.000260                       |    0.000287                       |    0.000221                       |    0.000237                       |    0.000222                       |    0.000238                       |    0.000253                       |    0.000229                       |    0.000211                       |    0.000227                       |    0.000236                       |    0.000264                       |    0.000234                       |    0.000228                       |    0.000214                       |    0.000215                       |    0.000209                       |    0.000205                       |    0.000228                       |    0.000233                       |    0.000223                       |    0.000212                       |    0.000236                       |    0.000262                       |    0.000244                       |    0.000252                       |    0.002758                       |    0.003294                       |    0.000357                       |           0                       |    0.000214                       |    0.006246                       |    0.004370                       |    0.002820                       |    0.003299                       |    0.000221                       |    0.005895                       |    0.010886                       |    0.004425                       |    0.002664                       |    0.003314                       |    0.005416                       |    0.000236                       |    0.010359                       |    0.015560                       |    0.005131                       |    0.002614                       |    0.003288                       |    0.000251                       |    0.011763                       |    0.012251                       |    0.012330                       |    0.002604                       |    0.003343                       |    0.000272                       |    0.015624                       |    0.011222                       |    0.006704                       |    0.002963                       |    0.003289                       |    0.005308                       |    0.000262                       |    0.016524                       |    0.010294                       |    0.005998                       |    0.002745                       |    0.003416                       |    0.000238                       |    0.010723                       |    0.005644                       |    0.005485                       |    0.002729                       |    0.003321                       |    0.000228                       |    0.005964                       |    0.004335                       |    0.002135                       |    0.003461                       |    0.000215                       |    0.004519                       |    0.005105                       |    0.006183                       |    0.002881                       |    0.003313                       |    0.000237                       |    0.004392                       |    0.007022                       |    0.010252                       |    0.005924                       |    0.002995                       |    0.003312                       |    0.000256                       |    0.007059                       |    0.012664                       |    0.013297                       |    0.007025                       |    0.033928                       |    0.004994                       |    0.004055                       |    0.005097                       |    0.018607                       |    0.024738                       |    0.006855                       |    0.000003                       |    0.003366                       |    0.011188                       |    0.004942                       |    0.019222                       |    0.019519                       |    0.007362                       |    0.002737                       |    0.003277                       |    0.000274                       |    0.009185                       |    0.012169                       |    0.012636                       |    0.007718                       |    0.002719                       |    0.003332                       |    0.000253                       |    0.005337                       |    0.010101                       |    0.006933                       |    0.007011                       |    0.002425                       |    0.003308                       |    0.000233                       |    0.004410                       |    0.005296                       |    0.006181                       |    0.002612                       |    0.003279                       |    0.000209                       |    0.004699                       |    0.005586                       |    0.004958                       |    0.002657                       |    0.003397                       |    0.000222                       |    0.004950                       |    0.005696                       |    0.010277                       |    0.005059                       |    0.003054                       |    0.003385                       |    0.005310                       |    0.000244                       |    0.005781                       |    0.010660                       |    0.015650                       |    0.004996                       |    0.002725                       |    0.003248                       |    0.000260                       |    0.019821                       |    0.012187                       |    0.011673                       |    0.005159                       |    0.003153                       |    0.003253                       |    0.000287                       |    0.007848                       |    0.015840                       |    0.011312                       |    0.005297                       |    0.002502                       |    0.003475                       |    0.005291                       |    0.000252                       |    0.006113                       |    0.015967                       |    0.010603                       |    0.005029                       |    0.002661                       |    0.003292                       |    0.000229                       |    0.005747                       |    0.010548                       |    0.005654                       |    0.005197                       |    0.002722                       |    0.003284                       |    0.000223                       |    0.004783                       |    0.005903                       |    0.005091                       |    0.002572                       |    0.003240                       |    0.000205                       |    0.003271                       |    0.005503                       |    0.002707                       |    0.003238                       |    0.000211                       |    0.003646                       |    0.003833                       |    0.010274                       |    0.002687                       |    0.003251                       |    0.000227                       |    0.005899                       |    0.007091                       |    0.012912                       |    0.002812                       |    0.003376                       |    0.000236                       |    0.010500                       |    0.010647                       |    0.011426                       |    0.002966                       |    0.003296                       |    0.000264                       |    0.004918                       |    0.014248                       |    0.010961                       |    0.002610                       |    0.003304                       |    0.000234                       |    0.006895                       |    0.013014                       |    0.007284                       |    0.002931                       |    0.003305                       |    0.000228                       |    0.003437                       |    0.010993                       |    0.004328                       |    0.002746                       |    0.003300                       |    0.000212                       |    0.003691                       |    0.005930                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.428772                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         5058561                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      5058561                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       265570                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      3696462                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         3107805                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     84.075124                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          313426                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29824                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits              8489323                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              45142                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             4311971                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             20662                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses          8534465                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         4332633                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  12801294                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                   65804                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              12867098                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              5217363                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9484                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          5226847                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   5217363                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9484                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               5226847                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 65795264                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18565727                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               26265732                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             5058561                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      3421231                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              42494038                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          596964                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             140185                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       151480                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       209742                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3334                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       307740                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           5216727                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        143472                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3823                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     62170728                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.792534                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.154117                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         53225868     85.61%     85.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1           850677      1.37%     86.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           529398      0.85%     87.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           942639      1.52%     89.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1226464      1.97%     91.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           541044      0.87%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6           467497      0.75%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           978164      1.57%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          3408977      5.48%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     62170728                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.076883                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.399204                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         15400244                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      38889043                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6453627                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       1129325                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         298482                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       46850784                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         298482                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         15924451                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        24294401                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      4827672                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           6957627                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles       9868088                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       45924304                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         67663                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        2156734                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         394195                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents        7007070                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     54955028                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     107373630                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     65092184                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          164                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      45154150                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          9800848                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       133645                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       135602                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts           7403688                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      4341710                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      4499437                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads       633306                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       487180                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           44821295                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       218593                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          47032097                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       143029                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7093446                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11432534                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        48893                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     62170728                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.756499                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.457637                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     43614719     70.15%     70.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      6405022     10.30%     80.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      4759203      7.66%     88.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      2441145      3.93%     92.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      2760719      4.44%     96.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1034408      1.66%     98.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       692114      1.11%     99.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       289550      0.47%     99.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       173848      0.28%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     62170728                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           95263     12.48%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         601765     78.83%     91.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         66305      8.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       165340      0.35%      0.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      33819558     71.91%     72.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        22622      0.05%     72.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52379      0.11%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      8612950     18.31%     90.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4359248      9.27%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       47032097                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.714825                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              763333                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.016230                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    157141219                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     52139819                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     41740820                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           65                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          290                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           20                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       47630058                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              32                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       714630                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1110051                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2628                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         6925                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       395749                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1828                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5106886                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         298482                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4278535                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      17864391                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     45039888                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       100366                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       4341710                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4499437                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       209472                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          73303                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      17714695                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         6925                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124405                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       190152                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       314557                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      46642088                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       8478192                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       324715                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             12794176                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          3991053                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            4315984                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.708897                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               41803305                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              41740840                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          27341178                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          41769107                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.634405                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.654579                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      7282931                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       169700                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       278971                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     61019686                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.618316                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.534862                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     46652106     76.45%     76.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      7123701     11.67%     88.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1728053      2.83%     90.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2018760      3.31%     94.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       622116      1.02%     95.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       909426      1.49%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       693978      1.14%     97.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       278496      0.46%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       993050      1.63%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     61019686                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     20448178                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       37729421                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs                7335334                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               3231654                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5778                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            3654411                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          37441100                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       238722                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        81857      0.22%      0.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     30239822     80.15%     80.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        21407      0.06%     80.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        51001      0.14%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      3231654      8.57%     89.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      4103680     10.88%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     37729421                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        993050                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            104980959                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes            91180281                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   84080                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3624536                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3772805                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            20448178                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              37729421                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       3.217659                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 3.217659                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.310785                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.310785                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         67065115                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        33195399                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                20                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          19979475                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         16152477                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        21290992                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         125369                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               1647485000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            1647485000.000002                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.34218e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size         1024                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket        10239                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3179314                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        35.276311                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       27.711254                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       46.391280                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     3178876     99.99%     99.99% |         406      0.01%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3179314                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size          512                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket         5119                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       3091036                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        37.153253                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       29.461681                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       53.204112                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     3083615     99.76%     99.76% |        6463      0.21%     99.97% |         739      0.02%     99.99% |          98      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |          46      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         3091036                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        874858                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        30.079088                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       26.952362                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev       14.079565                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |      503743     57.58%     57.58% |      353563     40.41%     97.99% |       15551      1.78%     99.77% |        1590      0.18%     99.95% |         331      0.04%     99.99% |          78      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          874858                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          4124556                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           30.179222                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           5.150685                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         112.702989                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     4081846     98.96%     98.96% |       32170      0.78%     99.74% |        7911      0.19%     99.94% |        1790      0.04%     99.98% |         520      0.01%     99.99% |         234      0.01%    100.00% |          61      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            4124556                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      3535059                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000842                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000726                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.029284                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3532109     99.92%     99.92% |        2922      0.08%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        3535059                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       589497                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     193.160841                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    131.501910                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    240.582206                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      546787     92.75%     92.75% |       32170      5.46%     98.21% |        7911      1.34%     99.55% |        1790      0.30%     99.86% |         520      0.09%     99.95% |         234      0.04%     99.99% |          61      0.01%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        589497                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          4897736                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           28.400582                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           5.352570                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         105.674399                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     4872609     99.49%     99.49% |       14759      0.30%     99.79% |        4687      0.10%     99.88% |        3038      0.06%     99.95% |        1731      0.04%     99.98% |         693      0.01%    100.00% |         158      0.00%    100.00% |          43      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            4897736                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      4148112                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.007661                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.006607                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.087868                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     4116580     99.24%     99.24% |       31286      0.75%     99.99% |         246      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        4148112                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       749624                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     168.914599                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    130.210842                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    222.820272                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      724497     96.65%     96.65% |       14759      1.97%     98.62% |        4687      0.63%     99.24% |        3038      0.41%     99.65% |        1731      0.23%     99.88% |         693      0.09%     99.97% |         158      0.02%     99.99% |          43      0.01%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        749624                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      5210557                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.901316                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.236158                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      14.789653                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     5198004     99.76%     99.76% |       10530      0.20%     99.96% |        1776      0.03%    100.00% |          45      0.00%    100.00% |          90      0.00%    100.00% |          91      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        5210557                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      5087571                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000627                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5087569    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      5087571                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       122986                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    83.553185                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    74.362993                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    54.143109                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      110433     89.79%     89.79% |       10530      8.56%     98.36% |        1776      1.44%     99.80% |          45      0.04%     99.84% |          90      0.07%     99.91% |          91      0.07%     99.98% |          21      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       122986                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       126729                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      8.504959                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.666530                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    27.524701                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      125459     99.00%     99.00% |         997      0.79%     99.78% |         244      0.19%     99.98% |           6      0.00%     99.98% |          11      0.01%     99.99% |          10      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       126729                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       118911                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000908                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000784                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.030123                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      118803     99.91%     99.91% |         108      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       118911                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples         7818                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    92.221028                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    77.237431                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    69.369420                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        6548     83.76%     83.76% |         997     12.75%     96.51% |         244      3.12%     99.63% |           6      0.08%     99.71% |          11      0.14%     99.85% |          10      0.13%     99.97% |           2      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total         7818                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.958652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.428864                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    32.524834                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         648     99.23%     99.23% |           4      0.61%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         625    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    95.321429                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    67.676785                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev   130.711742                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |          23     82.14%     82.14% |           4     14.29%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        13324                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       374997                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       268746                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                     4484                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                     6132                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    45153                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                     4592                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                     7664                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    40697                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                     4730                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                     7665                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                    49560                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                     4975                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                    7666                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   42815                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                    4839                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                    7666                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                   44919                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                    4708                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                    7663                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                   55101                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                    4361                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                    6133                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                   47032                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                    4843                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                    6133                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                   49463                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_hits                    4363                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_hits                    6122                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_hits                   46221                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_hits                    4486                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_hits                    6119                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_hits                   47287                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_hits                    4828                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_hits                    6119                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_hits                   48555                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_hits                    4370                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_hits                    6119                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_hits                   45124                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_hits                    4332                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_hits                    6121                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_hits                   44815                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_hits                    4861                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_hits                    6117                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_hits                   45893                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_hits                    4463                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_hits                    6120                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_hits                   48488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_hits                    4835                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_hits                    7653                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_hits                   51789                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_hits                    4481                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_hits                    6133                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_hits                   47040                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_hits                    4939                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_hits                    6133                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_hits                   50404                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_hits                    4694                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_hits                    6134                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_hits                   47128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_hits                    4599                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_hits                    6130                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_hits                   34767                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_hits                    4368                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_hits                    6133                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_hits                   42834                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_hits                    5551                      
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_hits                    6132                      
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_hits                   41494                      
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_hits                    4372                      
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_hits                    6132                      
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_hits                   50253                      
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_hits                    4536                      
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_hits                    6133                      
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_hits                   40635                      
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_hits                    4353                      
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_hits                    6121                      
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_hits                   48129                      
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_hits                    4324                      
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_hits                    6118                      
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_hits                   46026                      
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_hits                    4734                      
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_hits                    6117                      
system.ruby.lcacc_80.tlb_hits                   45840                      
system.ruby.lcacc_81.tlb_hits                    4711                      
system.ruby.lcacc_82.tlb_hits                    7651                      
system.ruby.lcacc_83.tlb_hits                   52850                      
system.ruby.lcacc_84.tlb_hits                    4964                      
system.ruby.lcacc_85.tlb_hits                    6120                      
system.ruby.lcacc_86.tlb_hits                   53891                      
system.ruby.lcacc_87.tlb_hits                    4606                      
system.ruby.lcacc_88.tlb_hits                    7652                      
system.ruby.lcacc_89.tlb_hits                   41547                      
system.ruby.lcacc_90.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_91.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_92.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_93.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_94.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_95.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                    244                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                     49                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   1083                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                    248                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                     60                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                    860                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                    246                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                     60                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                   1207                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                    237                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                    60                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                   950                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                   257                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                    60                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                   986                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                   256                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                    61                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                  1252                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                   239                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                    50                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                  1181                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                   241                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                    48                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                  1218                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_misses                   233                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_misses                    54                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_misses                  1165                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_misses                   230                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_misses                    57                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_misses                  1101                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_misses                   260                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_misses                    57                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_misses                  1076                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_misses                   218                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_misses                    57                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_misses                  1050                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_misses                   264                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_misses                    55                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_misses                  1087                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_misses                   243                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_misses                    59                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_misses                  1163                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_misses                   253                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_misses                    56                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_misses                  1137                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_misses                   277                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_misses                    67                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_misses                  1208                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_misses                   235                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_misses                    48                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_misses                  1081                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_misses                   293                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_misses                    48                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_misses                  1263                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_misses                   282                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_misses                    47                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_misses                  1261                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_misses                   253                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_misses                    50                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_misses                   775                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_misses                   224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_misses                    48                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_misses                  1022                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_misses                   317                      
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_misses                    49                      
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_misses                  1039                      
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_misses                   212                      
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_misses                    47                      
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_misses                  1329                      
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_misses                   300                      
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_misses                    48                      
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_misses                   926                      
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_misses                   243                      
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_misses                    55                      
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_misses                  1236                      
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_misses                   268                      
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_misses                    58                      
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_misses                  1209                      
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_misses                   238                      
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_misses                    59                      
system.ruby.lcacc_80.tlb_misses                  1046                      
system.ruby.lcacc_81.tlb_misses                   265                      
system.ruby.lcacc_82.tlb_misses                    69                      
system.ruby.lcacc_83.tlb_misses                  1297                      
system.ruby.lcacc_84.tlb_misses                   264                      
system.ruby.lcacc_85.tlb_misses                    56                      
system.ruby.lcacc_86.tlb_misses                  1316                      
system.ruby.lcacc_87.tlb_misses                   238                      
system.ruby.lcacc_88.tlb_misses                    68                      
system.ruby.lcacc_89.tlb_misses                   907                      
system.ruby.lcacc_90.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_91.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_92.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_93.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_94.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_95.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                      487                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                        7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    16772                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                      472                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                        7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                    14129                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                      480                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                        7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                    19306                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                      472                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                       7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                   15128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                     557                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                       7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                   16541                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                     477                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                      17                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                   21157                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                     488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                      15                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                   18765                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                     485                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                       7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                   19469                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshrhits                     472                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshrhits                      14                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshrhits                   18157                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshrhits                     494                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshrhits                      24                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshrhits                   18208                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshrhits                     529                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshrhits                      24                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.mshrhits                   18232                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.mshrhits                     469                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.mshrhits                      14                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.mshrhits                   17319                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.mshrhits                     539                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.mshrhits                      14                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.mshrhits                   17732                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.mshrhits                     557                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.mshrhits                      24                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.mshrhits                   17943                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.mshrhits                     490                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.mshrhits                      22                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.mshrhits                   18869                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.mshrhits                     559                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.mshrhits                      24                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.mshrhits                   20110                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.mshrhits                     460                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.mshrhits                       7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.mshrhits                   18085                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.mshrhits                     623                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.mshrhits                       7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.mshrhits                   20272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.mshrhits                     635                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.mshrhits                       7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.mshrhits                   19181                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.mshrhits                     560                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.mshrhits                       7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.mshrhits                   12294                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.mshrhits                     504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.mshrhits                       7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.mshrhits                   16748                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.mshrhits                     788                      
system.ruby.lcacc_64.mshrhits                       7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_65.mshrhits                   16419                      
system.ruby.lcacc_66.mshrhits                     502                      
system.ruby.lcacc_67.mshrhits                       7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_68.mshrhits                   20085                      
system.ruby.lcacc_69.mshrhits                     557                      
system.ruby.lcacc_70.mshrhits                       7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_71.mshrhits                   14840                      
system.ruby.lcacc_72.mshrhits                     490                      
system.ruby.lcacc_73.mshrhits                      14                      
system.ruby.lcacc_74.mshrhits                   19119                      
system.ruby.lcacc_75.mshrhits                     551                      
system.ruby.lcacc_76.mshrhits                      19                      
system.ruby.lcacc_77.mshrhits                   18595                      
system.ruby.lcacc_78.mshrhits                     503                      
system.ruby.lcacc_79.mshrhits                      17                      
system.ruby.lcacc_80.mshrhits                   17527                      
system.ruby.lcacc_81.mshrhits                     560                      
system.ruby.lcacc_82.mshrhits                      19                      
system.ruby.lcacc_83.mshrhits                   20723                      
system.ruby.lcacc_84.mshrhits                     568                      
system.ruby.lcacc_85.mshrhits                      24                      
system.ruby.lcacc_86.mshrhits                   21562                      
system.ruby.lcacc_87.mshrhits                     459                      
system.ruby.lcacc_88.mshrhits                      28                      
system.ruby.lcacc_89.mshrhits                   14922                      
system.ruby.lcacc_90.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_91.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_92.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_93.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_94.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_95.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                 4728                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                 6181                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                46236                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                 4840                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                 7724                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                41557                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                 4976                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                 7725                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses                50767                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                 5212                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses                7726                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               43765                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses                5096                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses                7726                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses               45905                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses                4964                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses                7724                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses               56353                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses                4600                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses                6183                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses               48213                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses                5084                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses                6181                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses               50681                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_accesses                4596                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_accesses                6176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_accesses               47386                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_accesses                4716                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_accesses                6176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_accesses               48388                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_accesses                5088                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_accesses                6176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_accesses               49631                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_accesses                4588                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_accesses                6176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_accesses               46174                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_accesses                4596                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_accesses                6176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_accesses               45902                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_accesses                5104                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_accesses                6176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_accesses               47056                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_accesses                4716                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_accesses                6176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_accesses               49625                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_accesses                5112                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_accesses                7720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_accesses               52997                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_accesses                4716                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_accesses                6181                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_accesses               48121                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_accesses                5232                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_accesses                6181                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_accesses               51667                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_accesses                4976                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_accesses                6181                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_accesses               48389                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_accesses                4852                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_accesses                6180                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_accesses               35542                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_accesses                4592                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_accesses                6181                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_accesses               43856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_accesses                5868                      
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_accesses                6181                      
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_accesses               42533                      
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_accesses                4584                      
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_accesses                6179                      
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_accesses               51582                      
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_accesses                4836                      
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_accesses                6181                      
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_accesses               41561                      
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_accesses                4596                      
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_accesses                6176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_accesses               49365                      
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_accesses                4592                      
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_accesses                6176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_accesses               47235                      
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_accesses                4972                      
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_accesses                6176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_80.tlb_accesses               46886                      
system.ruby.lcacc_81.tlb_accesses                4976                      
system.ruby.lcacc_82.tlb_accesses                7720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_83.tlb_accesses               54147                      
system.ruby.lcacc_84.tlb_accesses                5228                      
system.ruby.lcacc_85.tlb_accesses                6176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_86.tlb_accesses               55207                      
system.ruby.lcacc_87.tlb_accesses                4844                      
system.ruby.lcacc_88.tlb_accesses                7720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_89.tlb_accesses               42454                      
system.ruby.lcacc_90.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_91.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_92.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_93.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_94.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_95.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_80.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_81.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_82.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_83.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_84.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_85.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_86.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_87.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_88.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_89.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_90.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_91.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_92.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_93.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_94.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_95.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                  120734                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                  110243                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                  683446                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                  112331                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                  121954                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                  631681                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                  127629                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                  137136                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                  672275                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                  120366                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles                 122165                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles                 644632                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles                 126299                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles                 137012                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles                 698564                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles             4295084664                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles             4295089944                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles             4295633154                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles             4295102960                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles             4295102091                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles             4295678431                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles             4295110689                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles             4295089119                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles             4295684253                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlbCycles             4295108537                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlbCycles             4295100633                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlbCycles             4295713394                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlbCycles             4295095513                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlbCycles             4295088633                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlbCycles             4295678403                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlbCycles             4295094996                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlbCycles             4295078580                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlbCycles             4295669580                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlbCycles             4295094709                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlbCycles             4295090831                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlbCycles             4295661693                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlbCycles             4295110617                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlbCycles             4295111956                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlbCycles             4295711269                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlbCycles             4295116962                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlbCycles             4295099802                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlbCycles             4295720129                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlbCycles             4295098321                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlbCycles             4295088871                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlbCycles             4295675123                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlbCycles             4295093694                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlbCycles             4295101796                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlbCycles             4295656478                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlbCycles             4295099211                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlbCycles             4295088047                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlbCycles             4295683609                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlbCycles             4295118767                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlbCycles             4295099370                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlbCycles             4295708118                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlbCycles             4295117899                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlbCycles             4295111206                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlbCycles             4295688370                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlbCycles             4295108750                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlbCycles             4295102513                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlbCycles             4295695876                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlbCycles             4295114187                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlbCycles             4295114448                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlbCycles             4295709605                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlbCycles             4295151733                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlbCycles             4295125918                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlbCycles             4295714309                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlbCycles             4295100467                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlbCycles             4295103036                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlbCycles             4295717942                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlbCycles             4295098498                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlbCycles             4295091654                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlbCycles             4295676596                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlbCycles             4295106307                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlbCycles             4295102513                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlbCycles             4295699963                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlbCycles             4295110396                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlbCycles             4295110895                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlbCycles             4295701514                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlbCycles             4295106356                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlbCycles             4295090539                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_80.tlbCycles             4295661795                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_81.tlbCycles             4295087405                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_82.tlbCycles             4295105163                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_83.tlbCycles             4295655824                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_84.tlbCycles             4295107922                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_85.tlbCycles             4295089068                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_86.tlbCycles             4295695607                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_87.tlbCycles             4295091843                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_88.tlbCycles             4295105030                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_89.tlbCycles             4295659250                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_90.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_91.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_92.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_93.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_94.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_95.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                    3100                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                    5125                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   23116                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                    3168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                    6404                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   20768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                    3260                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                    6405                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                   25376                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                    3408                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                   6406                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  21887                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                   3336                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                   6406                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                  22964                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                   3248                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                   6404                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                  28175                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                   3016                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                   5127                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                  24121                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                   3324                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                   5125                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                  25332                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_reads                   3012                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_reads                   5120                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_reads                  23692                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_reads                   3088                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_reads                   5120                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_reads                  24208                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_reads                   3328                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_reads                   5120                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_reads                  24831                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_reads                   3004                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_reads                   5120                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_reads                  23102                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_reads                   3012                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_reads                   5120                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_reads                  22962                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_reads                   3344                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_reads                   5120                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_reads                  23540                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_reads                   3088                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_reads                   5120                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_reads                  24825                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_reads                   3352                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_reads                  26513                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_reads                   3088                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_reads                   5125                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_reads                  24064                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_reads                   3428                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_reads                   5125                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_reads                  25847                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_reads                   3260                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_reads                   5125                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_reads                  24209                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_reads                   3180                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_reads                   5124                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_reads                  17786                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_reads                   3008                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_reads                   5125                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_reads                  21936                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_reads                   3844                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_64.dma_reads                   5125                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_65.dma_reads                  21277                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_66.dma_reads                   3000                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_67.dma_reads                   5123                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_68.dma_reads                  25806                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_69.dma_reads                   3164                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_70.dma_reads                   5125                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_71.dma_reads                  20793                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_72.dma_reads                   3012                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_73.dma_reads                   5120                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_74.dma_reads                  24697                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_75.dma_reads                   3008                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_76.dma_reads                   5120                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_77.dma_reads                  23631                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_78.dma_reads                   3256                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_79.dma_reads                   5120                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_80.dma_reads                  23458                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_81.dma_reads                   3260                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_82.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_83.dma_reads                  27086                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_84.dma_reads                   3424                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_85.dma_reads                   5120                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_86.dma_reads                  27615                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_87.dma_reads                   3172                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_88.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_89.dma_reads                  21240                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_90.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_91.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_92.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_93.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_94.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_95.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   1628                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   1056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  23120                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                   1672                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   1320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  20789                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   1716                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   1320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                  25391                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                   1804                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                  1320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 21878                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  1760                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                  1320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                 22941                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                  1716                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                  1320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                 28178                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                  1584                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                  1056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                 24092                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                  1760                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                  1056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                 25349                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_writes                  1584                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_writes                  1056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_writes                 23694                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_writes                  1628                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_writes                  1056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_writes                 24180                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_writes                  1760                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_writes                  1056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_writes                 24800                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_writes                  1584                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_writes                  1056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_writes                 23072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_writes                  1584                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_writes                  1056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_writes                 22940                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_writes                  1760                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_writes                  1056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_writes                 23516                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_writes                  1628                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_writes                  1056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_writes                 24800                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_writes                  1760                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_writes                  1320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_writes                 26484                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_writes                  1628                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_writes                  1056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_writes                 24057                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_writes                  1804                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_writes                  1056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_writes                 25820                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_writes                  1716                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_writes                  1056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_writes                 24180                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_writes                  1672                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_writes                  1056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_writes                 17756                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_writes                  1584                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_writes                  1056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_writes                 21920                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_writes                  2024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_64.dma_writes                  1056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_65.dma_writes                 21256                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_66.dma_writes                  1584                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_67.dma_writes                  1056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_68.dma_writes                 25776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_69.dma_writes                  1672                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_70.dma_writes                  1056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_71.dma_writes                 20768                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_72.dma_writes                  1584                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_73.dma_writes                  1056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_74.dma_writes                 24668                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_75.dma_writes                  1584                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_76.dma_writes                  1056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_77.dma_writes                 23604                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_78.dma_writes                  1716                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_79.dma_writes                  1056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_80.dma_writes                 23428                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_81.dma_writes                  1716                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_82.dma_writes                  1320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_83.dma_writes                 27061                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_84.dma_writes                  1804                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_85.dma_writes                  1056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_86.dma_writes                 27592                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_87.dma_writes                  1672                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_88.dma_writes                  1320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_89.dma_writes                 21214                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_90.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_91.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_92.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_93.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_94.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_95.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                 2984                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                 5096                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                22033                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                 3047                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                 6369                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                19908                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                 3159                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                 6370                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                24169                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 3309                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits                6371                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               20937                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits                3234                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits                6371                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits               21978                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits                3129                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits                6369                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits               26923                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits                2924                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits                5098                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits               22940                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits                3247                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits                5097                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits               24114                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readhits                2906                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readhits                5086                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readhits               22527                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readhits                2988                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readhits                5084                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readhits               23107                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readhits                3218                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readhits                5084                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readhits               23755                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readhits                2907                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readhits                5083                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readhits               22052                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readhits                2903                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readhits                5085                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readhits               21875                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readhits                3249                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_readhits                5082                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_readhits               22377                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_readhits                2975                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_readhits                5085                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_readhits               23688                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_readhits                3227                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_readhits                6359                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_readhits               25305                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_readhits                2996                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_readhits                5097                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_readhits               22983                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_readhits                3293                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_readhits                5097                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_readhits               24584                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_readhits                3131                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_readhits                5098                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_readhits               22948                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_readhits                3066                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_readhits                5094                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_readhits               17011                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_readhits                2910                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_readhits                5097                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_readhits               20914                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_readhits                3705                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_readhits                5096                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_readhits               20238                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_readhits                2918                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_readhits                5096                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_readhits               24477                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_readhits                3031                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_readhits                5097                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_readhits               19867                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_readhits                2913                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_readhits                5085                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_readhits               23461                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_readhits                2899                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_readhits                5083                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_readhits               22422                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_readhits                3153                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_readhits                5082                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_80.tlb_readhits               22412                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_81.tlb_readhits                3144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_82.tlb_readhits                6357                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_83.tlb_readhits               25789                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_84.tlb_readhits                3323                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_85.tlb_readhits                5085                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_86.tlb_readhits               26299                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_87.tlb_readhits                3070                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_88.tlb_readhits                6359                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_89.tlb_readhits               20333                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_90.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_91.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_92.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_93.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_94.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_95.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                116                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                 29                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               1083                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses                121                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                 35                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses                860                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses                101                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses                 35                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses               1207                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses                 99                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses                35                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses               950                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses               102                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses                35                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses               986                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses               119                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses                35                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses              1252                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses                92                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses                29                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses              1181                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses                77                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses                28                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses              1218                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readmisses               106                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readmisses                34                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readmisses              1165                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readmisses               100                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readmisses                36                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readmisses              1101                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readmisses               110                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readmisses                36                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readmisses              1076                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readmisses                97                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readmisses                37                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readmisses              1050                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readmisses               109                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readmisses                35                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readmisses              1087                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readmisses                95                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_readmisses                38                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_readmisses              1163                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_readmisses               113                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_readmisses                35                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_readmisses              1137                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_readmisses               125                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_readmisses                41                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_readmisses              1208                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_readmisses                92                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_readmisses                28                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_readmisses              1081                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_readmisses               135                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_readmisses                28                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_readmisses              1263                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_readmisses               129                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_readmisses                27                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_readmisses              1261                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_readmisses               114                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_readmisses                30                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_readmisses               775                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_readmisses                98                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_readmisses                28                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_readmisses              1022                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_readmisses               139                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_readmisses                29                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_readmisses              1039                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_readmisses                82                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_readmisses                27                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_readmisses              1329                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_readmisses               133                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_readmisses                28                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_readmisses               926                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_readmisses                99                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_readmisses                35                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_readmisses              1236                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_readmisses               109                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_readmisses                37                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_readmisses              1209                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_readmisses               103                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_readmisses                38                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_80.tlb_readmisses              1046                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_81.tlb_readmisses               116                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_82.tlb_readmisses                43                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_83.tlb_readmisses              1297                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_84.tlb_readmisses               101                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_85.tlb_readmisses                35                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_86.tlb_readmisses              1316                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_87.tlb_readmisses               102                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_88.tlb_readmisses                41                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_89.tlb_readmisses               907                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_90.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_91.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_92.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_93.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_94.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_95.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                1500                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                1036                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               23120                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                1545                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                1295                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               20789                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                1571                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                1295                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits               25391                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                1666                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits               1295                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits              21878                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               1605                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               1295                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits              22941                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits               1579                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits               1294                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits              28178                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits               1437                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits               1035                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits              24092                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits               1596                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               1036                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits              25349                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writehits               1457                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writehits               1036                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writehits              23694                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writehits               1498                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writehits               1035                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writehits              24180                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writehits               1610                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writehits               1035                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writehits              24800                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writehits               1463                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writehits               1036                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writehits              23072                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writehits               1429                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writehits               1036                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writehits              22940                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writehits               1612                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_writehits               1035                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_writehits              23516                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_writehits               1488                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_writehits               1035                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_writehits              24800                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_writehits               1608                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_writehits               1294                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_writehits              26484                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_writehits               1485                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_writehits               1036                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_writehits              24057                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_writehits               1646                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_writehits               1036                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_writehits              25820                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_writehits               1563                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_writehits               1036                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_writehits              24180                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_writehits               1533                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_writehits               1036                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_writehits              17756                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_writehits               1458                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_writehits               1036                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_writehits              21920                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_writehits               1846                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_writehits               1036                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_writehits              21256                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_writehits               1454                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_writehits               1036                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_writehits              25776                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_writehits               1505                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_writehits               1036                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_writehits              20768                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_writehits               1440                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_writehits               1036                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_writehits              24668                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_writehits               1425                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_writehits               1035                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_writehits              23604                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_writehits               1581                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_writehits               1035                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_80.tlb_writehits              23428                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_81.tlb_writehits               1567                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_82.tlb_writehits               1294                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_83.tlb_writehits              27061                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_84.tlb_writehits               1641                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_85.tlb_writehits               1035                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_86.tlb_writehits              27592                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_87.tlb_writehits               1536                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_88.tlb_writehits               1293                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_89.tlb_writehits              21214                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_90.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_91.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_92.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_93.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_94.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_95.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               128                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses                20                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses               127                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses                25                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses               145                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses                25                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses               138                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses               25                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses              155                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses               25                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses              137                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses               26                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses              147                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses               21                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses              164                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses               20                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writemisses              127                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writemisses               20                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writemisses              130                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writemisses               21                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writemisses              150                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writemisses               21                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writemisses              121                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writemisses               20                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writemisses              155                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writemisses               20                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writemisses              148                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_writemisses               21                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_writemisses              140                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_writemisses               21                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_writemisses              152                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_writemisses               26                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_writemisses              143                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_writemisses               20                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_writemisses              158                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_writemisses               20                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_writemisses              153                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_writemisses               20                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_writemisses              139                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_writemisses               20                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_writemisses              126                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_writemisses               20                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_writemisses              178                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_writemisses               20                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_writemisses              130                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_writemisses               20                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_writemisses              167                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_writemisses               20                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_writemisses              144                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_writemisses               20                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_writemisses              159                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_writemisses               21                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_writemisses              135                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_writemisses               21                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_80.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_81.tlb_writemisses              149                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_82.tlb_writemisses               26                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_83.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_84.tlb_writemisses              163                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_85.tlb_writemisses               21                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_86.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_87.tlb_writemisses              136                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_88.tlb_writemisses               27                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_89.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_90.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_91.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_92.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_93.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_94.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_95.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                       37                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       78                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       38                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                        5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                       73                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       39                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                        5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                       81                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                       41                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                      74                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                      40                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                      74                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                      39                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                      84                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                      36                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                      76                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                      40                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                      80                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_jobs                      36                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_jobs                      79                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_jobs                      37                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_jobs                      78                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_jobs                      40                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_jobs                      80                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_jobs                      36                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_jobs                      77                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_jobs                      36                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_jobs                      74                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_jobs                      40                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_40.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_41.num_jobs                      75                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_42.num_jobs                      37                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_43.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_44.num_jobs                      80                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_45.num_jobs                      40                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_46.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_47.num_jobs                      82                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_48.num_jobs                      37                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_49.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_50.num_jobs                      75                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_51.num_jobs                      41                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_52.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_53.num_jobs                      79                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_54.num_jobs                      39                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_55.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_56.num_jobs                      78                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_57.num_jobs                      38                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_58.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_59.num_jobs                      65                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_60.num_jobs                      36                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_61.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_62.num_jobs                      75                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_63.num_jobs                      46                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_64.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_65.num_jobs                      72                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_66.num_jobs                      36                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_67.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_68.num_jobs                      78                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_69.num_jobs                      38                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_70.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_71.num_jobs                      73                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_72.num_jobs                      36                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_73.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_74.num_jobs                      77                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_75.num_jobs                      36                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_76.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_77.num_jobs                      77                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_78.num_jobs                      39                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_79.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_80.num_jobs                      73                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_81.num_jobs                      39                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_82.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_83.num_jobs                      83                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_84.num_jobs                      41                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_85.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_86.num_jobs                      83                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_87.num_jobs                      38                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_88.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_89.num_jobs                      71                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_90.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_91.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_92.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_93.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_94.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_95.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                 608880                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                 857306                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                1536802                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                 610277                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                 998853                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                1539164                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                 606634                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                 994716                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                1513549                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                 608202                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles                994741                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               1526147                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles                610346                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles                996059                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles               1522136                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles                610062                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles                990092                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles               1532702                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles                616047                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles                870598                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles               1506027                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles                608016                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles                870087                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               1536429                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.job_cycles                617355                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.job_cycles                886948                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.job_cycles               1514653                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.job_cycles                613758                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.job_cycles                868090                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.job_cycles               1537005                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.job_cycles                613188                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.job_cycles                853353                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.job_cycles               1529470                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.job_cycles                611368                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.job_cycles                871366                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.job_cycles               1513158                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.job_cycles                607741                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.job_cycles                900161                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.job_cycles               1516851                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.job_cycles                619354                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_40.job_cycles                877314                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_41.job_cycles               1539353                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_42.job_cycles                605314                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_43.job_cycles                862951                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_44.job_cycles               1528384                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_45.job_cycles                614935                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_46.job_cycles               1014192                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_47.job_cycles               1522944                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_48.job_cycles                617203                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_49.job_cycles                858743                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_50.job_cycles               1513758                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_51.job_cycles                611065                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_52.job_cycles                884971                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_53.job_cycles               1539933                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_54.job_cycles                611385                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_55.job_cycles                910051                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_56.job_cycles               1505568                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_57.job_cycles                616077                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_58.job_cycles                874469                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_59.job_cycles               1535881                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_60.job_cycles                610539                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_61.job_cycles                886653                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_62.job_cycles               1526014                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_63.job_cycles                609747                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_64.job_cycles                927190                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_65.job_cycles               1525092                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_66.job_cycles                611976                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_67.job_cycles                906419                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_68.job_cycles               1518743                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_69.job_cycles                621165                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_70.job_cycles                891231                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_71.job_cycles               1545098                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_72.job_cycles                606467                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_73.job_cycles                895348                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_74.job_cycles               1517241                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_75.job_cycles                613387                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_76.job_cycles                889048                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_77.job_cycles               1510532                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_78.job_cycles                613329                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_79.job_cycles                865073                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_80.job_cycles               1521281                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_81.job_cycles                612229                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_82.job_cycles               1006745                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_83.job_cycles               1507630                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_84.job_cycles                614275                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_85.job_cycles                854980                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_86.job_cycles               1536669                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_87.job_cycles                606152                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_88.job_cycles               1003396                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_89.job_cycles               1509487                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_90.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_91.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_92.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_93.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_94.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_95.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                     592                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     624                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     608                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     160                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                     584                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     624                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     160                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                     648                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                     656                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    160                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    592                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                    640                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    160                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    592                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                    624                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                    160                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                    672                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                    576                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                    608                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                    640                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                    640                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_tasks                    576                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_tasks                    632                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_tasks                    592                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_tasks                    624                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_tasks                    640                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_tasks                    640                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_tasks                    576                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_tasks                    616                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_tasks                    576                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_tasks                    592                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_tasks                    640                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_40.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_41.num_tasks                    600                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_42.num_tasks                    592                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_43.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_44.num_tasks                    640                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_45.num_tasks                    640                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_46.num_tasks                    160                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_47.num_tasks                    656                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_48.num_tasks                    592                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_49.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_50.num_tasks                    600                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_51.num_tasks                    656                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_52.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_53.num_tasks                    632                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_54.num_tasks                    624                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_55.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_56.num_tasks                    624                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_57.num_tasks                    608                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_58.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_59.num_tasks                    520                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_60.num_tasks                    576                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_61.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_62.num_tasks                    600                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_63.num_tasks                    736                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_64.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_65.num_tasks                    576                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_66.num_tasks                    576                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_67.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_68.num_tasks                    624                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_69.num_tasks                    608                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_70.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_71.num_tasks                    584                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_72.num_tasks                    576                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_73.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_74.num_tasks                    616                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_75.num_tasks                    576                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_76.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_77.num_tasks                    616                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_78.num_tasks                    624                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_79.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_80.num_tasks                    584                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_81.num_tasks                    624                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_82.num_tasks                    160                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_83.num_tasks                    664                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_84.num_tasks                    656                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_85.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_86.num_tasks                    664                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_87.num_tasks                    608                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_88.num_tasks                    160                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_89.num_tasks                    568                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_90.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_91.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_92.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_93.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_94.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_95.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles                457739                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles                797830                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               1410829                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles                397972                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles                930827                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               1440101                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles                365694                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles                925310                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               1380379                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles                408065                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles               927242                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              1415761                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles               437018                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles               925144                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              1400792                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles               431785                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles               918555                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles              1402576                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles               464839                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles               805190                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles              1374412                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles               372172                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles               809476                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              1392413                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_cycles               412323                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_cycles               822925                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_cycles              1382276                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_cycles               435845                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_cycles               805251                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_cycles              1398760                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_cycles               402716                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_cycles               791988                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_cycles              1396565                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_cycles               438804                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_cycles               809782                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_cycles              1386998                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_cycles               443658                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_cycles               837481                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_cycles              1387161                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_cycles               418714                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_40.read_cycles               815675                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_41.read_cycles              1400098                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_42.read_cycles               406778                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_43.read_cycles               798817                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_44.read_cycles              1385572                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_45.read_cycles               423570                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_46.read_cycles               944224                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_47.read_cycles              1383433                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_48.read_cycles               454779                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_49.read_cycles               794193                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_50.read_cycles              1378543                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_51.read_cycles               407128                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_52.read_cycles               823488                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_53.read_cycles              1384286                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_54.read_cycles               407880                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_55.read_cycles               846300                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_56.read_cycles              1332083                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_57.read_cycles               448731                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_58.read_cycles               811497                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_59.read_cycles              1419477                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_60.read_cycles               419966                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_61.read_cycles               820063                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_62.read_cycles              1390594                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_63.read_cycles               438756                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_64.read_cycles               864364                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_65.read_cycles              1401126                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_66.read_cycles               363194                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_67.read_cycles               841992                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_68.read_cycles              1377575                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_69.read_cycles               444913                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_70.read_cycles               832220                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_71.read_cycles              1424859                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_72.read_cycles               380068                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_73.read_cycles               831848                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_74.read_cycles              1375653                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_75.read_cycles               463317                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_76.read_cycles               818685                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_77.read_cycles              1356621                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_78.read_cycles               449762                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_79.read_cycles               802110                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_80.read_cycles              1399216                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_81.read_cycles               397704                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_82.read_cycles               935439                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_83.read_cycles              1369896                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_84.read_cycles               392713                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_85.read_cycles               789044                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_86.read_cycles              1386858                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_87.read_cycles               409751                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_88.read_cycles               935489                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_89.read_cycles              1399288                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_90.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_91.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_92.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_93.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_94.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_95.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles              31870                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles              33792                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles              51803                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles              33120                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles              42240                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles              48472                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles              34007                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles              42240                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles              53784                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles              35342                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles             42240                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles             49136                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles             34942                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles             42240                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles             49136                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles             33769                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles             42240                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles             55776                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles             30933                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles             33792                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles             50464                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles             35061                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles             33792                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles             53120                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_cycles             30918                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_cycles             33792                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_cycles             52456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_cycles             32150                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_cycles             33792                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_cycles             51792                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_cycles             34944                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_cycles             33792                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_cycles             53120                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_cycles             31024                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_cycles             33792                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_cycles             51128                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_cycles             30952                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_cycles             33792                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_cycles             49136                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_cycles             34972                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_40.compute_cycles             33792                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_41.compute_cycles             49800                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_42.compute_cycles             32265                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_43.compute_cycles             33792                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_44.compute_cycles             53120                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_45.compute_cycles             34689                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_46.compute_cycles             42240                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_47.compute_cycles             54448                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_48.compute_cycles             32475                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_49.compute_cycles             33792                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_50.compute_cycles             49800                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_51.compute_cycles             36356                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_52.compute_cycles             33792                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_53.compute_cycles             52456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_54.compute_cycles             34140                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_55.compute_cycles             33792                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_56.compute_cycles             51792                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_57.compute_cycles             32833                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_58.compute_cycles             33792                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_59.compute_cycles             43160                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_60.compute_cycles             31442                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_61.compute_cycles             33792                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_62.compute_cycles             49802                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_63.compute_cycles             40742                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_64.compute_cycles             33792                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_65.compute_cycles             47808                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_66.compute_cycles             31417                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_67.compute_cycles             33792                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_68.compute_cycles             51792                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_69.compute_cycles             33706                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_70.compute_cycles             33792                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_71.compute_cycles             48490                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_72.compute_cycles             31730                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_73.compute_cycles             33792                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_74.compute_cycles             51128                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_75.compute_cycles             31050                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_76.compute_cycles             33792                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_77.compute_cycles             51128                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_78.compute_cycles             33499                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_79.compute_cycles             33792                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_80.compute_cycles             48472                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_81.compute_cycles             34366                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_82.compute_cycles             42240                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_83.compute_cycles             55112                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_84.compute_cycles             35520                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_85.compute_cycles             33792                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_86.compute_cycles             55112                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_87.compute_cycles             33230                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_88.compute_cycles             42240                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_89.compute_cycles             47144                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_90.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_91.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_92.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_93.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_94.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_95.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               636962                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               468205                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles               988494                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               718452                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               542228                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles               935204                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               770684                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles               548087                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles               963415                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles               696605                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles              540110                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles              955574                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles              656814                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles              546202                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles              970910                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles              682991                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles              536446                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles              983227                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles              641364                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles              492827                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles              981109                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles              776371                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles              484212                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles             1015609                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_cycles              727142                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_cycles              497965                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_cycles             1035922                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_cycles              675396                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_cycles              474631                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_cycles              992851                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_cycles              727796                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_cycles              461267                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_cycles              997780                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_cycles              680823                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_cycles              473762                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_cycles              984927                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_cycles              658767                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_cycles              502862                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_cycles             1027803                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_cycles              728884                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_40.write_cycles              475565                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_41.write_cycles             1049334                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_42.write_cycles              717443                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_43.write_cycles              472950                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_44.write_cycles             1007622                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_45.write_cycles              688634                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_46.write_cycles              539471                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_47.write_cycles              992300                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_48.write_cycles              649418                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_49.write_cycles              472714                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_50.write_cycles              996109                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_51.write_cycles              717297                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_52.write_cycles              488225                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_53.write_cycles             1077967                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_54.write_cycles              701212                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_55.write_cycles              513445                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_56.write_cycles             1069658                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_57.write_cycles              665672                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_58.write_cycles              488164                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_59.write_cycles              986905                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_60.write_cycles              699396                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_61.write_cycles              511853                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_62.write_cycles             1019105                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_63.write_cycles              698592                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_64.write_cycles              527019                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_65.write_cycles             1041657                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_66.write_cycles              778589                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_67.write_cycles              512624                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_68.write_cycles             1038396                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_69.write_cycles              670375                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_70.write_cycles              489072                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_71.write_cycles             1001500                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_72.write_cycles              722421                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_73.write_cycles              496905                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_74.write_cycles             1027841                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_75.write_cycles              641857                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_76.write_cycles              510559                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_77.write_cycles             1020147                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_78.write_cycles              662382                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_79.write_cycles              466781                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_80.write_cycles              974744                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_81.write_cycles              725647                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_82.write_cycles              543701                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_83.write_cycles              998364                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_84.write_cycles              741777                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_85.write_cycles              471691                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_86.write_cycles             1040643                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_87.write_cycles              710898                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_88.write_cycles              538190                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_89.write_cycles              961863                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_90.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_91.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_92.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_93.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_94.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_95.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time           457739                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time           797830                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          1410829                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time           397972                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time           930827                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          1440101                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time           365694                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time           925310                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          1380379                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time           408065                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time          927242                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         1415761                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time          437018                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time          925144                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         1400792                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time          431785                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time          918555                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time         1402576                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time          464839                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time          805190                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time         1374412                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time          372172                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time          809476                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         1392413                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_action_time          412323                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_action_time          822925                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_action_time         1382276                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_action_time          435845                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_action_time          805251                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_action_time         1398760                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_action_time          402716                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_action_time          791988                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_action_time         1396565                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_action_time          438804                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_action_time          809782                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_action_time         1386998                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_action_time          443658                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_action_time          837481                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_action_time         1387161                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_action_time          418714                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.read_action_time          815675                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.read_action_time         1400098                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.read_action_time          406778                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.read_action_time          798817                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.read_action_time         1385572                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.read_action_time          423570                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.read_action_time          944224                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.read_action_time         1383433                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.read_action_time          454779                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.read_action_time          794193                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.read_action_time         1378543                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.read_action_time          407128                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.read_action_time          823488                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.read_action_time         1384286                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.read_action_time          407880                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.read_action_time          846300                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.read_action_time         1332083                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.read_action_time          448731                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.read_action_time          811497                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.read_action_time         1419477                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.read_action_time          419966                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.read_action_time          820063                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.read_action_time         1390594                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.read_action_time          438756                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_64.read_action_time          864364                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_65.read_action_time         1401126                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_66.read_action_time          363194                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_67.read_action_time          841992                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_68.read_action_time         1377575                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_69.read_action_time          444913                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_70.read_action_time          832220                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_71.read_action_time         1424859                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_72.read_action_time          380068                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_73.read_action_time          831848                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_74.read_action_time         1375653                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_75.read_action_time          463317                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_76.read_action_time          818685                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_77.read_action_time         1356621                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_78.read_action_time          449762                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_79.read_action_time          802110                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_80.read_action_time         1399216                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_81.read_action_time          397704                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_82.read_action_time          935439                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_83.read_action_time         1369896                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_84.read_action_time          392713                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_85.read_action_time          789044                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_86.read_action_time         1386858                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_87.read_action_time          409751                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_88.read_action_time          935489                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_89.read_action_time         1399288                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_90.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_91.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_92.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_93.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_94.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_95.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time         31003                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time         33792                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time         51669                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time         31186                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time         42240                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time         48404                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time         31767                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time         42240                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time         53712                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time         33887                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time        42240                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time        49075                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time        32912                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time        42240                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time        49044                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time        32238                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time        42240                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time        55652                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time        30156                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time        33792                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time        50380                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time        32657                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time        33792                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time        53036                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_action_time        29937                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_action_time        33792                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_action_time        52323                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_action_time        30657                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_action_time        33792                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_action_time        51729                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_action_time        32681                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_action_time        33792                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_action_time        53008                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_action_time        30030                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_action_time        33792                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_action_time        51071                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_action_time        30147                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_action_time        33792                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_action_time        49036                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_action_time        33004                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.compute_action_time        33792                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.compute_action_time        49681                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.compute_action_time        30448                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.compute_action_time        33792                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.compute_action_time        53064                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.compute_action_time        32991                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.compute_action_time        42240                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.compute_action_time        54336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.compute_action_time        30446                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.compute_action_time        33792                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.compute_action_time        49737                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.compute_action_time        33541                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.compute_action_time        33792                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.compute_action_time        52270                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.compute_action_time        32413                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.compute_action_time        33792                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.compute_action_time        51694                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.compute_action_time        31531                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.compute_action_time        33792                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.compute_action_time        43132                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.compute_action_time        29605                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.compute_action_time        33792                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.compute_action_time        49733                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.compute_action_time        37757                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_64.compute_action_time        33792                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_65.compute_action_time        47724                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_66.compute_action_time        29444                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_67.compute_action_time        33792                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_68.compute_action_time        51694                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_69.compute_action_time        31152                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_70.compute_action_time        33792                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_71.compute_action_time        48373                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_72.compute_action_time        29350                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_73.compute_action_time        33792                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_74.compute_action_time        51002                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_75.compute_action_time        30088                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_76.compute_action_time        33792                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_77.compute_action_time        51051                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_78.compute_action_time        32591                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_79.compute_action_time        33792                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_80.compute_action_time        48416                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_81.compute_action_time        32064                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_82.compute_action_time        42240                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_83.compute_action_time        55025                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_84.compute_action_time        33643                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_85.compute_action_time        33792                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_86.compute_action_time        54968                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_87.compute_action_time        31456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_88.compute_action_time        42240                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_89.compute_action_time        47088                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_90.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_91.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_92.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_93.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_94.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_95.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          472326                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          468205                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time          933922                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          491181                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          542228                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time          904839                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          497665                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time          548087                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time          917311                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time          481374                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time         540110                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time         913837                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time         472785                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time         546202                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time         917128                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time         485294                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time         536446                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time         930759                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time         488335                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time         492827                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time         932665                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time         511774                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time         484212                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time         950765                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_action_time         500893                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_action_time         497965                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_action_time         951609                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_action_time         486239                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_action_time         474631                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_action_time         942852                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_action_time         491455                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_action_time         461267                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_action_time         937497                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_action_time         491518                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_action_time         473762                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_action_time         944233                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_action_time         475997                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_action_time         502862                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_action_time         961928                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_action_time         511360                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.write_action_time         475565                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.write_action_time         957386                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.write_action_time         497366                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.write_action_time         472950                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.write_action_time         943248                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.write_action_time         481903                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.write_action_time         539471                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.write_action_time         927572                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.write_action_time         480950                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.write_action_time         472714                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.write_action_time         947143                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.write_action_time         493511                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.write_action_time         488225                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.write_action_time         968705                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.write_action_time         485361                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.write_action_time         513445                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.write_action_time         951456                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.write_action_time         482278                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.write_action_time         488164                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.write_action_time         944892                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.write_action_time         496172                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.write_action_time         511853                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.write_action_time         972437                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.write_action_time         491593                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_64.write_action_time         527019                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_65.write_action_time         976672                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_66.write_action_time         505606                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_67.write_action_time         512624                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_68.write_action_time         955957                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_69.write_action_time         484629                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_70.write_action_time         489072                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_71.write_action_time         935531                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_72.write_action_time         483328                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_73.write_action_time         496905                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_74.write_action_time         955593                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_75.write_action_time         479513                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_76.write_action_time         510559                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_77.write_action_time         942198                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_78.write_action_time         489214                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_79.write_action_time         466781                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_80.write_action_time         931395                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_81.write_action_time         492061                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_82.write_action_time         543701                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_83.write_action_time         931678                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_84.write_action_time         500771                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_85.write_action_time         471691                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_86.write_action_time         948305                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_87.write_action_time         494969                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_88.write_action_time         538190                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_89.write_action_time         916459                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_90.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_91.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_92.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_93.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_94.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_95.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time             606461                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time             853082                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            1530924                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time             607631                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time             993573                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            1533473                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time             604420                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time             989436                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            1507548                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time             605475                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time            989461                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           1520685                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time            607509                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time            990779                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           1516630                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time            607234                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time            984812                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time           1526440                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time            613543                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time            866374                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time           1500847                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time            605274                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time            865863                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           1530605                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.rw_action_time            615282                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.rw_action_time            882724                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.rw_action_time           1508906                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.rw_action_time            611241                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.rw_action_time            863866                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.rw_action_time           1531392                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.rw_action_time            610464                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.rw_action_time            849129                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.rw_action_time           1523677                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.rw_action_time            608939                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.rw_action_time            867142                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.rw_action_time           1507423                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.rw_action_time            605247                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.rw_action_time            895937                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.rw_action_time           1511500                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.rw_action_time            616436                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.rw_action_time            873090                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.rw_action_time           1534038                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.rw_action_time            602617                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.rw_action_time            858727                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.rw_action_time           1522677                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.rw_action_time            612323                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.rw_action_time           1008912                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.rw_action_time           1517018                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.rw_action_time            614669                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.rw_action_time            854519                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.rw_action_time           1508676                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.rw_action_time            607640                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.rw_action_time            880747                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.rw_action_time           1534531                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.rw_action_time            608475                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.rw_action_time            905827                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.rw_action_time           1500446                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.rw_action_time            613584                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.rw_action_time            870245                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.rw_action_time           1530966                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.rw_action_time            608126                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.rw_action_time            882429                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.rw_action_time           1520653                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.rw_action_time            606533                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_64.rw_action_time            922966                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_65.rw_action_time           1520442                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_66.rw_action_time            609692                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_67.rw_action_time            902195                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_68.rw_action_time           1513215                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_69.rw_action_time            618120                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_70.rw_action_time            887007                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_71.rw_action_time           1540173                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_72.rw_action_time            604153                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_73.rw_action_time            891124                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_74.rw_action_time           1511740                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_75.rw_action_time            610951                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_76.rw_action_time            884824                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_77.rw_action_time           1504995                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_78.rw_action_time            610537                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_79.rw_action_time            860849                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_80.rw_action_time           1515998                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_81.rw_action_time            609600                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_82.rw_action_time           1001465                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_83.rw_action_time           1501636                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_84.rw_action_time            611727                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_85.rw_action_time            850756                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_86.rw_action_time           1530545                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_87.rw_action_time            603777                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_88.rw_action_time            998116                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_89.rw_action_time           1504052                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_90.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_91.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_92.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_93.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_94.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_95.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles             14261                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles            144758                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles              1067                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles              6304                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles              1468                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles             14288                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles              1390                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles             7709                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles            13541                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles            17786                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles             1427                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles           141204                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles             7679                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles           105044                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles             1578                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles             2174                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_busy_cycles             1573                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_busy_cycles             1937                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_busy_cycles            14546                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_busy_cycles            35160                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_busy_cycles            13350                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_busy_cycles           237127                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_busy_cycles             1482                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_busy_cycles            81704                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_busy_cycles            13486                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_busy_cycles           117245                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_busy_cycles            13659                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_busy_cycles            12221                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_busy_cycles            14307                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_busy_cycles            20120                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_busy_cycles            14437                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_busy_cycles            44234                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_busy_cycles             1571                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_busy_cycles           124494                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_busy_cycles             1599                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_busy_cycles            46361                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_busy_cycles             1493                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_busy_cycles             3222                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_busy_cycles             1025                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_busy_cycles             1327                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_busy_cycles             1437                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_busy_cycles            32485                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_busy_cycles             5306                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_64.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_65.dma_busy_cycles            31003                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_66.dma_busy_cycles            13781                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_67.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_68.dma_busy_cycles            49241                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_69.dma_busy_cycles            14050                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_70.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_71.dma_busy_cycles            10605                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_72.dma_busy_cycles             7653                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_73.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_74.dma_busy_cycles           247003                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_75.dma_busy_cycles             1570                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_76.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_77.dma_busy_cycles            11883                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_78.dma_busy_cycles             1575                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_79.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_80.dma_busy_cycles             2018                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_81.dma_busy_cycles             7960                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_82.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_83.dma_busy_cycles           191053                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_84.dma_busy_cycles             1010                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_85.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_86.dma_busy_cycles            14131                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_87.dma_busy_cycles             9528                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_88.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_89.dma_busy_cycles           250675                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_90.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_91.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_92.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_93.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_94.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_95.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles          66368631                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles          68546461                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles          66996167                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles          66368474                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles          68546457                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles          66994045                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles          66368480                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles          68546463                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles          66994192                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles          66368476                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles         68546459                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles         66994169                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles         66368532                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles         68546468                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles         66994205                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles         66368481                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles         68546464                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles         66996038                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles         66368500                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles         68546480                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles         66995636                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles         66368493                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles         68546476                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles         66993941                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_idle_cycles         66368502                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_idle_cycles         68546485                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_idle_cycles         66993951                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_idle_cycles         66368672                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_idle_cycles         68546481                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_idle_cycles         66994594                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_idle_cycles         66368613                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_idle_cycles         68546477                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_idle_cycles         66997912                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_idle_cycles         66368500                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_idle_cycles         68546483                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_idle_cycles         66995358                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_idle_cycles         66368697                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_idle_cycles         68546497                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_idle_cycles         66996115                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_idle_cycles         66368692                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_idle_cycles         68546493                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_idle_cycles         66994110                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_idle_cycles         66368670                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_idle_cycles         68546489                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_idle_cycles         66994243                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_idle_cycles         66368657                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_idle_cycles         68546485                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_idle_cycles         66994615                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_idle_cycles         66368511                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_idle_cycles         68546494                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_idle_cycles         66995905                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_idle_cycles         66368517                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_idle_cycles         68546500                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_idle_cycles         66994833                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_idle_cycles         66368523                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_idle_cycles         68546506                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_idle_cycles         66994100                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_idle_cycles         66368519                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_idle_cycles         68546502                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_idle_cycles         66993965                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_idle_cycles         66368528                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_idle_cycles         68546511                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_idle_cycles         66994628                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_idle_cycles         66368535                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_64.dma_idle_cycles         68546517                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_65.dma_idle_cycles         66994503                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_66.dma_idle_cycles         66368656                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_67.dma_idle_cycles         68546508                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_68.dma_idle_cycles         66994742                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_69.dma_idle_cycles         66368684                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_70.dma_idle_cycles         68546504                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_71.dma_idle_cycles         66994114                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_72.dma_idle_cycles         66368532                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_73.dma_idle_cycles         68546513                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_74.dma_idle_cycles         66998367                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_75.dma_idle_cycles         66368536                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_76.dma_idle_cycles         68546519                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_77.dma_idle_cycles         66994305                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_78.dma_idle_cycles         66368527                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_79.dma_idle_cycles         68546510                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_80.dma_idle_cycles         66993974                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_81.dma_idle_cycles         66368526                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_82.dma_idle_cycles         68546507                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_83.dma_idle_cycles         66996845                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_84.dma_idle_cycles         66368532                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_85.dma_idle_cycles         68546515                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_86.dma_idle_cycles         66994264                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_87.dma_idle_cycles         66368531                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_88.dma_idle_cycles         68546511                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_89.dma_idle_cycles         66998188                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_90.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_91.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_92.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_93.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_94.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_95.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles           518458                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles           857178                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          1236869                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles           520339                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles           998729                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          1244823                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles           515318                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles           994610                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          1210806                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles           523285                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles          994639                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         1226509                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles          516564                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles          995995                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         1224174                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles          529031                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles          989925                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles         1228486                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles          522153                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles          870482                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles         1211190                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles          522971                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles          869984                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles         1233591                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_stall_cycles          530937                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_stall_cycles          886862                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_stall_cycles         1211805                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_stall_cycles          526458                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_stall_cycles          867961                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_stall_cycles         1238581                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_stall_cycles          517083                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_stall_cycles          853212                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_stall_cycles         1226770                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_stall_cycles          519696                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_stall_cycles          871232                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_stall_cycles         1216580                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_stall_cycles          509896                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_stall_cycles          900061                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_stall_cycles         1218591                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_stall_cycles          537769                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_stall_cycles          877208                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_stall_cycles         1236656                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_stall_cycles          509694                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_stall_cycles          862826                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_stall_cycles         1226572                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_stall_cycles          512812                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_stall_cycles         1013941                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_stall_cycles         1224202                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_stall_cycles          533995                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_stall_cycles          858586                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_stall_cycles         1211005                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_stall_cycles          516131                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_stall_cycles          884828                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_stall_cycles         1238547                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_stall_cycles          517143                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_stall_cycles          909955                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_stall_cycles         1204082                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_stall_cycles          515169                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_stall_cycles          874367                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_stall_cycles         1244646                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_stall_cycles          524058                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_stall_cycles          886534                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_stall_cycles         1231078                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_stall_cycles          518750                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_64.dma_stall_cycles          927095                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_65.dma_stall_cycles         1231342                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_66.dma_stall_cycles          524777                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_67.dma_stall_cycles          906291                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_68.dma_stall_cycles         1211995                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_69.dma_stall_cycles          535915                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_70.dma_stall_cycles          891106                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_71.dma_stall_cycles         1245106                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_72.dma_stall_cycles          524337                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_73.dma_stall_cycles          895234                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_74.dma_stall_cycles         1217524                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_75.dma_stall_cycles          512443                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_76.dma_stall_cycles          888905                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_77.dma_stall_cycles         1205595                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_78.dma_stall_cycles          519942                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_79.dma_stall_cycles          864956                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_80.dma_stall_cycles         1222973                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_81.dma_stall_cycles          517765                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_82.dma_stall_cycles         1006646                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_83.dma_stall_cycles         1201834                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_84.dma_stall_cycles          525055                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_85.dma_stall_cycles          854845                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_86.dma_stall_cycles         1230401                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_87.dma_stall_cycles          520971                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_88.dma_stall_cycles         1003276                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_89.dma_stall_cycles         1213973                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_90.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_91.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_92.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_93.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_94.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_95.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               105                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0                42                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               289                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               108                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0                53                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0               267                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               119                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0                53                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               317                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0               119                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0               53                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              271                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0              107                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0               53                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0              274                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0              122                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0               52                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0              337                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0               99                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0               40                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0              292                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0              102                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0               41                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0              309                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_0               97                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_0               40                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_0              294                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_0              106                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_0               42                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_0              293                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_0              107                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_0               42                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_0              303                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_0               95                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_0               43                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_0              279                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_0              114                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_0               41                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_0              281                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_0               97                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_40.onTLbMissCall_0               44                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_41.onTLbMissCall_0              280                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_42.onTLbMissCall_0              122                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_43.onTLbMissCall_0               41                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_44.onTLbMissCall_0              304                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_45.onTLbMissCall_0              120                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_46.onTLbMissCall_0               52                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_47.onTLbMissCall_0              319                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_48.onTLbMissCall_0              108                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_49.onTLbMissCall_0               41                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_50.onTLbMissCall_0              289                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_51.onTLbMissCall_0              128                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_52.onTLbMissCall_0               41                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_53.onTLbMissCall_0              308                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_54.onTLbMissCall_0              111                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_55.onTLbMissCall_0               40                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_56.onTLbMissCall_0              291                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_57.onTLbMissCall_0              104                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_58.onTLbMissCall_0               43                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_59.onTLbMissCall_0              227                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_60.onTLbMissCall_0               97                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_61.onTLbMissCall_0               41                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_62.onTLbMissCall_0              270                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_63.onTLbMissCall_0              137                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_64.onTLbMissCall_0               42                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_65.onTLbMissCall_0              261                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_66.onTLbMissCall_0               94                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_67.onTLbMissCall_0               40                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_68.onTLbMissCall_0              306                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_69.onTLbMissCall_0              139                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_70.onTLbMissCall_0               41                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_71.onTLbMissCall_0              260                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_72.onTLbMissCall_0               98                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_73.onTLbMissCall_0               41                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_74.onTLbMissCall_0              300                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_75.onTLbMissCall_0              113                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_76.onTLbMissCall_0               43                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_77.onTLbMissCall_0              285                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_78.onTLbMissCall_0              114                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_79.onTLbMissCall_0               44                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_80.onTLbMissCall_0              282                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_81.onTLbMissCall_0              103                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_82.onTLbMissCall_0               54                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_83.onTLbMissCall_0              316                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_84.onTLbMissCall_0              103                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_85.onTLbMissCall_0               41                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_86.onTLbMissCall_0              326                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_87.onTLbMissCall_0              109                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_88.onTLbMissCall_0               52                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_89.onTLbMissCall_0              260                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_90.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_91.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_92.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_93.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_94.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_95.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              1036                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              7142                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              1213                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              1295                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              7253                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              1218                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              1295                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1              6975                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              1312                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             1295                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             7429                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             1198                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             1295                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             7112                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             1236                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1             1286                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1             7936                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1             1089                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1             1030                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1             6216                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1             1250                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1             1036                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1             6789                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_1             1121                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_1             1036                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_1             6408                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_1             1128                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_1             1026                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_1             6780                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_1             1234                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_1             1026                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_1             7341                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_1             1117                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_1             1036                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_1             6524                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_1             1040                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_1             1036                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_1             6014                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_1             1201                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_40.onTLbMissCall_1             1026                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_41.onTLbMissCall_1             6456                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_42.onTLbMissCall_1             1129                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_43.onTLbMissCall_1             1028                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_44.onTLbMissCall_1             6764                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_45.onTLbMissCall_1             1206                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_46.onTLbMissCall_1             1285                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_47.onTLbMissCall_1             7263                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_48.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_49.onTLbMissCall_1             1036                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_50.onTLbMissCall_1             6764                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_51.onTLbMissCall_1             1188                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_52.onTLbMissCall_1             1036                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_53.onTLbMissCall_1             6503                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_54.onTLbMissCall_1             1099                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_55.onTLbMissCall_1             1036                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_56.onTLbMissCall_1             5969                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_57.onTLbMissCall_1             1122                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_58.onTLbMissCall_1             1036                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_59.onTLbMissCall_1             6010                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_60.onTLbMissCall_1             1081                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_61.onTLbMissCall_1             1036                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_62.onTLbMissCall_1             5924                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_63.onTLbMissCall_1             1238                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_64.onTLbMissCall_1             1036                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_65.onTLbMissCall_1             5615                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_66.onTLbMissCall_1             1070                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_67.onTLbMissCall_1             1036                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_68.onTLbMissCall_1             6714                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_69.onTLbMissCall_1             1109                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_70.onTLbMissCall_1             1036                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_71.onTLbMissCall_1             6594                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_72.onTLbMissCall_1             1095                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_73.onTLbMissCall_1             1036                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_74.onTLbMissCall_1             6485                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_75.onTLbMissCall_1             1029                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_76.onTLbMissCall_1             1031                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_77.onTLbMissCall_1             5933                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_78.onTLbMissCall_1             1202                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_79.onTLbMissCall_1             1033                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_80.onTLbMissCall_1             6665                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_81.onTLbMissCall_1             1169                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_82.onTLbMissCall_1             1290                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_83.onTLbMissCall_1             7319                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_84.onTLbMissCall_1             1234                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_85.onTLbMissCall_1             1026                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_86.onTLbMissCall_1             7020                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_87.onTLbMissCall_1             1206                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_88.onTLbMissCall_1             1281                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_89.onTLbMissCall_1             6939                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_90.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_91.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_92.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_93.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_94.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_95.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              1550                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              1405                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              4625                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              1620                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              1827                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2              5142                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              1279                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              1736                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2              4674                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              1614                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             1823                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2             5044                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             1547                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2             1752                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             4620                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             1654                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2             1824                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2             5368                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2             1273                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             1302                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2             3947                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2             1158                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2             1357                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2             4316                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_2             1149                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_2             1328                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_2             3855                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_2             1369                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_2             1367                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_2             4350                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_2             1359                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_2             1396                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_2             4649                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_2             1265                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_2             1362                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_2             4112                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_2             1133                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_2             1313                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_2             3585                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_2             1249                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_40.onTLbMissCall_2             1337                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_41.onTLbMissCall_2             3983                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_42.onTLbMissCall_2             1218                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_43.onTLbMissCall_2             1354                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_44.onTLbMissCall_2             4321                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_45.onTLbMissCall_2             1528                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_46.onTLbMissCall_2             1759                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_47.onTLbMissCall_2             4731                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_48.onTLbMissCall_2             1325                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_49.onTLbMissCall_2             1352                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_50.onTLbMissCall_2             4104                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_51.onTLbMissCall_2             1165                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_52.onTLbMissCall_2             1331                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_53.onTLbMissCall_2             4007                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_54.onTLbMissCall_2             1204                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_55.onTLbMissCall_2             1310                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_56.onTLbMissCall_2             3721                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_57.onTLbMissCall_2             1309                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_58.onTLbMissCall_2             1315                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_59.onTLbMissCall_2             3690                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_60.onTLbMissCall_2             1103                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_61.onTLbMissCall_2             1286                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_62.onTLbMissCall_2             3594                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_63.onTLbMissCall_2             1220                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_64.onTLbMissCall_2             1286                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_65.onTLbMissCall_2             3306                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_66.onTLbMissCall_2             1113                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_67.onTLbMissCall_2             1319                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_68.onTLbMissCall_2             4019                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_69.onTLbMissCall_2             1370                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_70.onTLbMissCall_2             1368                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_71.onTLbMissCall_2             4205                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_72.onTLbMissCall_2             1124                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_73.onTLbMissCall_2             1324                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_74.onTLbMissCall_2             3909                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_75.onTLbMissCall_2             1160                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_76.onTLbMissCall_2             1283                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_77.onTLbMissCall_2             3739                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_78.onTLbMissCall_2             1345                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_79.onTLbMissCall_2             1366                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_80.onTLbMissCall_2             4272                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_81.onTLbMissCall_2             1398                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_82.onTLbMissCall_2             1753                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_83.onTLbMissCall_2             4710                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_84.onTLbMissCall_2             1273                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_85.onTLbMissCall_2             1354                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_86.onTLbMissCall_2             4474                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_87.onTLbMissCall_2             1363                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_88.onTLbMissCall_2             1745                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_89.onTLbMissCall_2             4480                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_90.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_91.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_92.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_93.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_94.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_95.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles            1731                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles             996                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles           24946                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles            1312                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles             291                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles           15713                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles             305                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles            1011                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles           23743                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles               4                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles            529                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles          17050                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles            320                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles           1022                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles          24442                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles           1712                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles            774                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles          20964                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles            735                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles           2354                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles          22677                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles            270                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles           1529                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles          19366                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshr_stall_cycles            858                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshr_stall_cycles           4965                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshr_stall_cycles          25420                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshr_stall_cycles            254                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshr_stall_cycles           5343                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshr_stall_cycles          26035                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshr_stall_cycles            456                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshr_stall_cycles           4956                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.mshr_stall_cycles          14037                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.mshr_stall_cycles            861                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.mshr_stall_cycles           5026                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.mshr_stall_cycles          15853                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.mshr_stall_cycles            379                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.mshr_stall_cycles           5412                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.mshr_stall_cycles          30470                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.mshr_stall_cycles            351                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.mshr_stall_cycles           5023                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.mshr_stall_cycles          36108                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.mshr_stall_cycles            421                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.mshr_stall_cycles           2793                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.mshr_stall_cycles          28062                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.mshr_stall_cycles            386                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.mshr_stall_cycles           2314                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.mshr_stall_cycles          22616                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.mshr_stall_cycles            315                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.mshr_stall_cycles           2564                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.mshr_stall_cycles          18266                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.mshr_stall_cycles            251                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.mshr_stall_cycles           3516                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.mshr_stall_cycles          29048                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.mshr_stall_cycles           1014                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.mshr_stall_cycles           4989                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.mshr_stall_cycles          35892                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.mshr_stall_cycles            343                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.mshr_stall_cycles           4432                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.mshr_stall_cycles          19892                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.mshr_stall_cycles            822                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.mshr_stall_cycles           5348                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.mshr_stall_cycles          19208                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.mshr_stall_cycles            560                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_64.mshr_stall_cycles           5398                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_65.mshr_stall_cycles          19910                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_66.mshr_stall_cycles            677                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_67.mshr_stall_cycles           4965                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_68.mshr_stall_cycles          34122                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_69.mshr_stall_cycles            529                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_70.mshr_stall_cycles           3231                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_71.mshr_stall_cycles          19483                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_72.mshr_stall_cycles           2166                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_73.mshr_stall_cycles           5139                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_74.mshr_stall_cycles          22394                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_75.mshr_stall_cycles            305                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_76.mshr_stall_cycles           5465                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_77.mshr_stall_cycles          29023                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_78.mshr_stall_cycles            107                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_79.mshr_stall_cycles           5411                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_80.mshr_stall_cycles          21210                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_81.mshr_stall_cycles            362                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_82.mshr_stall_cycles           5374                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_83.mshr_stall_cycles          35967                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_84.mshr_stall_cycles            603                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_85.mshr_stall_cycles           5417                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_86.mshr_stall_cycles          29258                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_87.mshr_stall_cycles            823                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_88.mshr_stall_cycles           5341                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_89.mshr_stall_cycles          23928                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_90.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_91.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_92.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_93.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_94.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_95.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       77461     25.35%     25.35% |       76148     24.92%     50.27% |       76172     24.93%     75.20% |       75778     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       305559                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       55973     25.42%     25.42% |       54763     24.87%     50.30% |       54780     24.88%     75.18% |       54651     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       220167                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       77487     25.36%     25.36% |       76146     24.92%     50.28% |       76172     24.93%     75.20% |       75777     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       305582                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       61883     25.38%     25.38% |       60679     24.89%     50.26% |       60700     24.89%     75.16% |       60574     24.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       243836                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           81                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6112     25.00%     25.00% |        6112     25.00%     50.00% |        6112     25.00%     75.00% |        6112     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24448                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       13296     25.27%     25.27% |       13192     25.07%     50.34% |       13200     25.08%     75.42% |       12935     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total        52623                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       77461     25.35%     25.35% |       76148     24.92%     50.27% |       76172     24.93%     75.20% |       75778     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       305559                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          26    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           26                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5910     24.97%     24.97% |        5917     25.00%     49.97% |        5920     25.01%     74.98% |        5923     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23670                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          26    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           26                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5910     24.97%     24.97% |        5917     25.00%     49.97% |        5920     25.01%     74.98% |        5923     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23670                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       55716     25.40%     25.40% |       54568     24.88%     50.28% |       54588     24.89%     75.17% |       54462     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       219334                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          778                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       13296     25.27%     25.27% |       13192     25.07%     50.34% |       13200     25.08%     75.42% |       12935     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total        52623                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       77461     25.35%     25.35% |       76146     24.92%     50.27% |       76172     24.93%     75.20% |       75777     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       305556                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       55716     25.40%     25.40% |       54567     24.88%     50.28% |       54588     24.89%     75.17% |       54462     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       219333                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          778                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          778                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24448                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     3153580     76.43%     76.43% |          38      0.00%     76.43% |       31278      0.76%     77.19% |       30277      0.73%     77.92% |       34978      0.85%     78.77% |       31627      0.77%     79.54% |       32619      0.79%     80.33% |       37757      0.92%     81.24% |       32172      0.78%     82.02% |       33718      0.82%     82.84% |       31761      0.77%     83.61% |       32325      0.78%     84.39% |       33185      0.80%     85.20% |       31133      0.75%     85.95% |       31009      0.75%     86.70% |       31917      0.77%     87.48% |       32945      0.80%     88.28% |       36173      0.88%     89.15% |       32198      0.78%     89.93% |       34310      0.83%     90.76% |       32502      0.79%     91.55% |       25997      0.63%     92.18% |       29990      0.73%     92.91% |       30162      0.73%     93.64% |       33836      0.82%     94.46% |       28994      0.70%     95.16% |       32737      0.79%     95.96% |       31669      0.77%     96.72% |       31741      0.77%     97.49% |       36657      0.89%     98.38% |       36073      0.87%     99.26% |       30721      0.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      4126079                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     5210615    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      5210615                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     4230179     84.17%     84.17% |           0      0.00%     84.17% |       25680      0.51%     84.68% |       23657      0.47%     85.15% |       28304      0.56%     85.71% |       24889      0.50%     86.21% |       25921      0.52%     86.72% |       31098      0.62%     87.34% |       26638      0.53%     87.87% |       28042      0.56%     88.43% |       26210      0.52%     88.95% |       26769      0.53%     89.48% |       27524      0.55%     90.03% |       25619      0.51%     90.54% |       25479      0.51%     91.05% |       26232      0.52%     91.57% |       27386      0.54%     92.12% |       29470      0.59%     92.70% |       26634      0.53%     93.23% |       28584      0.57%     93.80% |       26858      0.53%     94.33% |       20390      0.41%     94.74% |       24453      0.49%     95.23% |       24234      0.48%     95.71% |       28323      0.56%     96.27% |       23397      0.47%     96.74% |       27214      0.54%     97.28% |       26148      0.52%     97.80% |       26107      0.52%     98.32% |       30000      0.60%     98.92% |       30352      0.60%     99.52% |       24110      0.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      5025901                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       13364      3.87%      3.87% |          38      0.01%      3.88% |       11301      3.27%      7.16% |       12054      3.49%     10.65% |       11656      3.38%     14.03% |       12863      3.73%     17.76% |       11614      3.37%     21.12% |       10856      3.15%     24.27% |       10763      3.12%     27.39% |       11183      3.24%     30.63% |       10703      3.10%     33.73% |       10957      3.17%     36.90% |       10103      2.93%     39.83% |       10836      3.14%     42.97% |       11860      3.44%     46.41% |       11687      3.39%     49.79% |       11007      3.19%     52.98% |        9731      2.82%     55.80% |       10289      2.98%     58.78% |       11086      3.21%     62.00% |       11130      3.23%     65.22% |        9882      2.86%     68.08% |       11092      3.21%     71.30% |       11211      3.25%     74.55% |       11067      3.21%     77.75% |       11422      3.31%     81.06% |       10326      2.99%     84.06% |       11367      3.29%     87.35% |       10263      2.97%     90.32% |       10758      3.12%     93.44% |       11200      3.25%     96.69% |       11438      3.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       345107                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      410211     55.69%     55.69% |           0      0.00%     55.69% |       10731      1.46%     57.15% |       10825      1.47%     58.62% |       11483      1.56%     60.18% |       11213      1.52%     61.70% |       11322      1.54%     63.24% |       12185      1.65%     64.89% |       10680      1.45%     66.34% |       10821      1.47%     67.81% |       10623      1.44%     69.25% |       10831      1.47%     70.72% |       10933      1.48%     72.21% |       10505      1.43%     73.63% |       10462      1.42%     75.05% |       10861      1.47%     76.53% |       10799      1.47%     77.99% |       12041      1.63%     79.63% |       10511      1.43%     81.05% |       11107      1.51%     82.56% |       10860      1.47%     84.04% |        9664      1.31%     85.35% |       10207      1.39%     86.73% |       10955      1.49%     88.22% |       10674      1.45%     89.67% |       10213      1.39%     91.06% |       10414      1.41%     92.47% |       10630      1.44%     93.91% |       10772      1.46%     95.38% |       11949      1.62%     97.00% |       11441      1.55%     98.55% |       10660      1.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total       736583                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        8454      2.88%      2.88% |        7558      2.58%      5.46% |       11547      3.94%      9.40% |        7906      2.70%     12.09% |        9004      3.07%     15.17% |       13151      4.48%     19.65% |       11029      3.76%     23.41% |       11024      3.76%     27.17% |        9486      3.23%     30.41% |       10048      3.43%     33.83% |       10434      3.56%     37.39% |        9226      3.15%     40.54% |        9202      3.14%     43.67% |        9113      3.11%     46.78% |       10684      3.64%     50.43% |       12446      4.24%     54.67% |        9202      3.14%     57.81% |       11570      3.95%     61.75% |       10225      3.49%     65.24% |        5538      1.89%     67.13% |        8799      3.00%     70.13% |        8144      2.78%     72.91% |       10002      3.41%     76.32% |        6982      2.38%     78.70% |       10751      3.67%     82.37% |        9946      3.39%     85.76% |       10075      3.44%     89.19% |       11696      3.99%     93.18% |       12852      4.38%     97.57% |        7139      2.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       293233                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          31      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |        7397      3.13%      3.14% |        5847      2.47%      5.61% |        9014      3.81%      9.42% |        7182      3.04%     12.46% |        7057      2.98%     15.44% |        9877      4.18%     19.62% |        8484      3.59%     23.21% |        9283      3.92%     27.13% |        7279      3.08%     30.21% |        8191      3.46%     33.67% |        8065      3.41%     37.08% |        7909      3.34%     40.43% |        7816      3.30%     43.73% |        6890      2.91%     46.64% |        8550      3.61%     50.26% |        9105      3.85%     54.11% |        8065      3.41%     57.52% |        9430      3.99%     61.51% |        8614      3.64%     65.15% |        4287      1.81%     66.96% |        7521      3.18%     70.14% |        6926      2.93%     73.07% |        8735      3.69%     76.76% |        5689      2.41%     79.17% |        8421      3.56%     82.73% |        8048      3.40%     86.13% |        7395      3.13%     89.26% |        9582      4.05%     93.31% |        9619      4.07%     97.37% |        6209      2.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total       236518                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         387      2.57%      2.57% |         569      3.78%      6.35% |         650      4.32%     10.67% |         454      3.02%     13.69% |         554      3.68%     17.37% |         670      4.45%     21.82% |         523      3.48%     25.30% |         547      3.64%     28.94% |         531      3.53%     32.46% |         477      3.17%     35.64% |         422      2.80%     38.44% |         427      2.84%     41.28% |         470      3.12%     44.40% |         654      4.35%     48.75% |         443      2.94%     51.69% |         510      3.39%     55.08% |         487      3.24%     58.32% |         469      3.12%     61.43% |         488      3.24%     64.68% |         640      4.25%     68.93% |         401      2.66%     71.60% |         308      2.05%     73.64% |         526      3.50%     77.14% |         630      4.19%     81.33% |         364      2.42%     83.74% |         403      2.68%     86.42% |         337      2.24%     88.66% |         570      3.79%     92.45% |         538      3.58%     96.03% |         598      3.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total        15047                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      141657     55.53%     55.53% |          10      0.00%     55.54% |        3806      1.49%     57.03% |        3651      1.43%     58.46% |        4315      1.69%     60.15% |        3869      1.52%     61.67% |        3985      1.56%     63.23% |        4336      1.70%     64.93% |        3722      1.46%     66.39% |        4015      1.57%     67.96% |        3568      1.40%     69.36% |        3942      1.55%     70.91% |        3763      1.48%     72.38% |        3566      1.40%     73.78% |        3555      1.39%     75.17% |        3476      1.36%     76.54% |        3859      1.51%     78.05% |        4288      1.68%     79.73% |        3520      1.38%     81.11% |        3983      1.56%     82.67% |        3878      1.52%     84.19% |        3271      1.28%     85.47% |        3525      1.38%     86.86% |        3625      1.42%     88.28% |        3589      1.41%     89.68% |        3482      1.37%     91.05% |        3749      1.47%     92.52% |        3781      1.48%     94.00% |        3370      1.32%     95.32% |        4362      1.71%     97.03% |        3878      1.52%     98.55% |        3693      1.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       255089                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          28      0.01%      0.01% |        8007      3.39%      3.40% |        8233      3.48%      6.88% |        8241      3.48%     10.36% |        8245      3.49%     13.85% |        8114      3.43%     17.28% |        8716      3.69%     20.96% |        8209      3.47%     24.43% |        8157      3.45%     27.88% |        7866      3.33%     31.21% |        7998      3.38%     34.59% |        7974      3.37%     37.96% |        7793      3.29%     41.26% |        7783      3.29%     44.55% |        7747      3.28%     47.82% |        8162      3.45%     51.27% |        8048      3.40%     54.68% |        7451      3.15%     57.83% |        7956      3.36%     61.19% |        7507      3.17%     64.37% |        6280      2.66%     67.02% |        7445      3.15%     70.17% |        7270      3.07%     73.24% |        7804      3.30%     76.54% |        7241      3.06%     79.60% |        7764      3.28%     82.89% |        8112      3.43%     86.32% |        7911      3.34%     89.66% |        8116      3.43%     93.09% |        8651      3.66%     96.75% |        7689      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total       236518                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      270226     36.70%     36.70% |           0      0.00%     36.70% |       14569      1.98%     38.67% |       15091      2.05%     40.72% |       16830      2.29%     43.01% |       16162      2.19%     45.20% |       15538      2.11%     47.31% |       17244      2.34%     49.65% |       15673      2.13%     51.78% |       15978      2.17%     53.95% |       15077      2.05%     56.00% |       15243      2.07%     58.07% |       15012      2.04%     60.11% |       15161      2.06%     62.17% |       16011      2.17%     64.34% |       15945      2.17%     66.51% |       15790      2.14%     68.65% |       16263      2.21%     70.86% |       14834      2.01%     72.87% |       16830      2.29%     75.16% |       15890      2.16%     77.32% |       12674      1.72%     79.04% |       15376      2.09%     81.13% |       15608      2.12%     83.25% |       15373      2.09%     85.33% |       14205      1.93%     87.26% |       15297      2.08%     89.34% |       15686      2.13%     91.47% |       15321      2.08%     93.55% |       16205      2.20%     95.75% |       17084      2.32%     98.07% |       14207      1.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       736403                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        7792      2.93%      2.93% |        5784      2.17%      5.10% |       10552      3.96%      9.06% |        6273      2.36%     11.42% |        7579      2.85%     14.26% |       13152      4.94%     19.20% |       10513      3.95%     23.15% |       10523      3.95%     27.10% |        8670      3.26%     30.36% |        9414      3.54%     33.90% |       10030      3.77%     37.66% |        8719      3.27%     40.94% |        7550      2.84%     43.77% |        7385      2.77%     46.55% |        9698      3.64%     50.19% |       12641      4.75%     54.94% |        8841      3.32%     58.26% |       10678      4.01%     62.27% |        9184      3.45%     65.72% |        4319      1.62%     67.34% |        7592      2.85%     70.19% |        6560      2.46%     72.65% |        9673      3.63%     76.29% |        5610      2.11%     78.39% |        9895      3.72%     82.11% |        8510      3.20%     85.30% |        9243      3.47%     88.78% |       11736      4.41%     93.18% |       12111      4.55%     97.73% |        6039      2.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total       266266                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          19      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |        7230      2.99%      3.00% |        5396      2.23%      5.23% |        9578      3.96%      9.19% |        5816      2.40%     11.59% |        6938      2.87%     14.46% |       11686      4.83%     19.29% |        9493      3.92%     23.21% |        9450      3.91%     27.12% |        7780      3.22%     30.33% |        8543      3.53%     33.86% |        9152      3.78%     37.65% |        7924      3.28%     40.92% |        7107      2.94%     43.86% |        6870      2.84%     46.70% |        8842      3.65%     50.35% |       11211      4.63%     54.99% |        8130      3.36%     58.35% |        9524      3.94%     62.28% |        8488      3.51%     65.79% |        3992      1.65%     67.44% |        7038      2.91%     70.35% |        6018      2.49%     72.84% |        8688      3.59%     76.43% |        5104      2.11%     78.54% |        8880      3.67%     82.21% |        7768      3.21%     85.42% |        8324      3.44%     88.86% |       10397      4.30%     93.16% |       10917      4.51%     97.67% |        5640      2.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total       241943                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      287523     62.47%     62.47% |           0      0.00%     62.47% |        5863      1.27%     63.74% |        6818      1.48%     65.22% |        5853      1.27%     66.49% |        6732      1.46%     67.96% |        6395      1.39%     69.35% |        5780      1.26%     70.60% |        5243      1.14%     71.74% |        5496      1.19%     72.93% |        5725      1.24%     74.18% |        5482      1.19%     75.37% |        5491      1.19%     76.56% |        5758      1.25%     77.81% |        5687      1.24%     79.05% |        5846      1.27%     80.32% |        5594      1.22%     81.53% |        5693      1.24%     82.77% |        5595      1.22%     83.99% |        5433      1.18%     85.17% |        5406      1.17%     86.34% |        6158      1.34%     87.68% |        5924      1.29%     88.97% |        6020      1.31%     90.27% |        5245      1.14%     91.41% |        6097      1.32%     92.74% |        5253      1.14%     93.88% |        5469      1.19%     95.07% |        5355      1.16%     96.23% |        5723      1.24%     97.47% |        4998      1.09%     98.56% |        6626      1.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total       460281                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      141698     34.73%     34.73% |          38      0.01%     34.74% |        8846      2.17%     36.91% |        8646      2.12%     39.03% |        9267      2.27%     41.30% |        8923      2.19%     43.49% |        9069      2.22%     45.71% |        9969      2.44%     48.16% |        8832      2.16%     50.32% |        8825      2.16%     52.49% |        8775      2.15%     54.64% |        8946      2.19%     56.83% |        8937      2.19%     59.02% |        8657      2.12%     61.14% |        8614      2.11%     63.25% |        8865      2.17%     65.43% |        8914      2.19%     67.61% |        9788      2.40%     70.01% |        8626      2.11%     72.13% |        9074      2.22%     74.35% |        8901      2.18%     76.53% |        7742      1.90%     78.43% |        8359      2.05%     80.48% |        8737      2.14%     82.62% |        8826      2.16%     84.78% |        8291      2.03%     86.82% |        8566      2.10%     88.92% |        8782      2.15%     91.07% |        8813      2.16%     93.23% |        9733      2.39%     95.61% |        9408      2.31%     97.92% |        8481      2.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       407948                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122547    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122547                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      146851     66.04%     66.04% |           0      0.00%     66.04% |        2397      1.08%     67.12% |        2691      1.21%     68.33% |        2728      1.23%     69.55% |        2802      1.26%     70.81% |        2765      1.24%     72.06% |        2728      1.23%     73.28% |        2360      1.06%     74.35% |        2508      1.13%     75.47% |        2360      1.06%     76.53% |        2397      1.08%     77.61% |        2508      1.13%     78.74% |        2360      1.06%     79.80% |        2360      1.06%     80.86% |        2508      1.13%     81.99% |        2397      1.08%     83.07% |        2765      1.24%     84.31% |        2397      1.08%     85.39% |        2545      1.14%     86.53% |        2471      1.11%     87.65% |        2434      1.09%     88.74% |        2360      1.06%     89.80% |        2730      1.23%     91.03% |        2360      1.06%     92.09% |        2434      1.09%     93.18% |        2360      1.06%     94.25% |        2360      1.06%     95.31% |        2471      1.11%     96.42% |        2728      1.23%     97.65% |        2545      1.14%     98.79% |        2691      1.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       222371                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11157     20.48%     20.48% |           0      0.00%     20.48% |        1491      2.74%     23.22% |        1528      2.81%     26.03% |        1439      2.64%     28.67% |        1513      2.78%     31.45% |        1585      2.91%     34.36% |        1440      2.64%     37.00% |        1495      2.74%     39.74% |        1271      2.33%     42.08% |        1357      2.49%     44.57% |        1427      2.62%     47.19% |        1347      2.47%     49.66% |        1370      2.52%     52.18% |        1518      2.79%     54.96% |        1528      2.81%     57.77% |        1496      2.75%     60.52% |        1518      2.79%     63.30% |        1225      2.25%     65.55% |        1339      2.46%     68.01% |        1580      2.90%     70.91% |        1380      2.53%     73.44% |        1487      2.73%     76.18% |        1557      2.86%     79.03% |        1322      2.43%     81.46% |        1523      2.80%     84.26% |        1357      2.49%     86.75% |        1368      2.51%     89.26% |        1467      2.69%     91.95% |        1525      2.80%     94.75% |        1379      2.53%     97.28% |        1479      2.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        54468                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         329      0.18%      0.18% |           0      0.00%      0.18% |        6123      3.37%      3.55% |        6438      3.55%      7.10% |        6783      3.74%     10.84% |        6536      3.60%     14.44% |        6342      3.49%     17.93% |        6891      3.80%     21.73% |        6512      3.59%     25.31% |        6285      3.46%     28.77% |        5853      3.22%     32.00% |        6330      3.49%     35.48% |        5905      3.25%     38.74% |        5815      3.20%     41.94% |        5993      3.30%     45.24% |        6061      3.34%     48.58% |        6138      3.38%     51.96% |        6357      3.50%     55.46% |        5267      2.90%     58.36% |        6078      3.35%     61.71% |        5811      3.20%     64.91% |        5057      2.79%     67.70% |        5672      3.12%     70.82% |        5585      3.08%     73.90% |        5469      3.01%     76.91% |        5657      3.12%     80.03% |        5761      3.17%     83.20% |        6109      3.36%     86.56% |        5974      3.29%     89.85% |        6023      3.32%     93.17% |        6625      3.65%     96.82% |        5771      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total       181550                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |         441    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total          441                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          20      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |        9180      3.06%      3.07% |        9610      3.21%      6.28% |       11044      3.69%      9.96% |       10268      3.43%     13.39% |        9768      3.26%     16.65% |       11123      3.71%     20.37% |       10131      3.38%     23.75% |       10677      3.56%     27.31% |        9756      3.26%     30.57% |        9704      3.24%     33.81% |        9594      3.20%     37.01% |        9848      3.29%     40.30% |       10516      3.51%     43.81% |       10096      3.37%     47.18% |       10452      3.49%     50.66% |        9954      3.32%     53.99% |        9718      3.24%     57.23% |       11107      3.71%     60.94% |       10184      3.40%     64.34% |        7437      2.48%     66.82% |       10057      3.36%     70.18% |        9461      3.16%     73.33% |       10321      3.44%     76.78% |        8952      2.99%     79.77% |       10072      3.36%     83.13% |       10384      3.47%     86.60% |        9474      3.16%     89.76% |       10485      3.50%     93.26% |       11112      3.71%     96.97% |        9089      3.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       299594                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         522      0.56%      0.56% |           0      0.00%      0.56% |        2726      2.95%      3.51% |        1876      2.03%      5.54% |        3718      4.02%      9.56% |        2251      2.43%     11.99% |        2674      2.89%     14.88% |        4293      4.64%     19.52% |        3361      3.63%     23.15% |        3536      3.82%     26.98% |        2922      3.16%     30.13% |        3261      3.52%     33.66% |        3462      3.74%     37.40% |        2746      2.97%     40.37% |        2694      2.91%     43.28% |        2814      3.04%     46.32% |        3246      3.51%     49.83% |        4099      4.43%     54.26% |        2996      3.24%     57.50% |        3698      4.00%     61.50% |        3380      3.65%     65.15% |        1350      1.46%     66.61% |        2363      2.55%     69.16% |        2450      2.65%     71.81% |        3636      3.93%     75.74% |        2044      2.21%     77.95% |        3467      3.75%     81.70% |        3105      3.36%     85.05% |        3174      3.43%     88.49% |        4127      4.46%     92.95% |        4448      4.81%     97.75% |        2078      2.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        92517                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        6870      3.73%      3.73% |           0      0.00%      3.73% |        5029      2.73%      6.46% |        4049      2.20%      8.65% |        6984      3.79%     12.44% |        4940      2.68%     15.12% |        4896      2.66%     17.78% |        7214      3.91%     21.69% |        6049      3.28%     24.97% |        7356      3.99%     28.96% |        5686      3.08%     32.05% |        5295      2.87%     34.92% |        6330      3.43%     38.35% |        5509      2.99%     41.34% |        5633      3.06%     44.40% |        5310      2.88%     47.28% |        6364      3.45%     50.73% |        7140      3.87%     54.60% |        6326      3.43%     58.04% |        7315      3.97%     62.00% |        6641      3.60%     65.61% |        3145      1.71%     67.31% |        5557      3.01%     70.33% |        5713      3.10%     73.43% |        6592      3.58%     77.00% |        4308      2.34%     79.34% |        6802      3.69%     83.03% |        5884      3.19%     86.22% |        5645      3.06%     89.28% |        7117      3.86%     93.14% |        8021      4.35%     97.50% |        4617      2.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       184337                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     5087571    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      5087571                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          19      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |        7066      3.00%      3.01% |        4986      2.12%      5.13% |        9142      3.88%      9.01% |        5563      2.36%     11.37% |        6631      2.82%     14.19% |       11271      4.79%     18.97% |        9262      3.93%     22.90% |        9305      3.95%     26.86% |        7547      3.20%     30.06% |        8349      3.55%     33.60% |        8957      3.80%     37.41% |        7764      3.30%     40.70% |        6973      2.96%     43.67% |        6508      2.76%     46.43% |        8752      3.72%     50.15% |       10946      4.65%     54.79% |        7927      3.37%     58.16% |        9489      4.03%     62.19% |        8396      3.57%     65.75% |        3547      1.51%     67.26% |        6936      2.95%     70.20% |        6008      2.55%     72.76% |        8478      3.60%     76.36% |        4698      1.99%     78.35% |        8931      3.79%     82.14% |        7712      3.27%     85.42% |        8194      3.48%     88.90% |       10111      4.29%     93.19% |       10840      4.60%     97.79% |        5197      2.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total       235505                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        1300      0.47%      0.47% |          28      0.01%      0.48% |        9338      3.40%      3.89% |       10156      3.70%      7.59% |        9692      3.53%     11.12% |       10964      3.99%     15.11% |        9590      3.49%     18.61% |        9010      3.28%     21.89% |        8760      3.19%     25.08% |        9276      3.38%     28.46% |        8812      3.21%     31.67% |        9081      3.31%     34.98% |        8194      2.99%     37.96% |        9045      3.30%     41.26% |        9794      3.57%     44.83% |        9611      3.50%     48.33% |        9026      3.29%     51.62% |        7760      2.83%     54.44% |        8588      3.13%     57.57% |        9128      3.33%     60.90% |        8975      3.27%     64.17% |        8110      2.95%     67.12% |        9163      3.34%     70.46% |        9122      3.32%     73.78% |        9150      3.33%     77.12% |        9383      3.42%     80.54% |        8372      3.05%     83.59% |        9387      3.42%     87.01% |        8369      3.05%     90.05% |        8759      3.19%     93.25% |        8931      3.25%     96.50% |        9609      3.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total       274483                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122028     66.45%     66.45% |           0      0.00%     66.45% |        2142      1.17%     67.61% |        2131      1.16%     68.77% |        1912      1.04%     69.81% |        2230      1.21%     71.03% |        2253      1.23%     72.26% |        2112      1.15%     73.41% |        2076      1.13%     74.54% |        1789      0.97%     75.51% |        1976      1.08%     76.59% |        2088      1.14%     77.72% |        1980      1.08%     78.80% |        2001      1.09%     79.89% |        2081      1.13%     81.02% |        2201      1.20%     82.22% |        1959      1.07%     83.29% |        2249      1.22%     84.51% |        1920      1.05%     85.56% |        1976      1.08%     86.64% |        2074      1.13%     87.77% |        2156      1.17%     88.94% |        1920      1.05%     89.98% |        2485      1.35%     91.34% |        1793      0.98%     92.31% |        2072      1.13%     93.44% |        1694      0.92%     94.36% |        2056      1.12%     95.48% |        2243      1.22%     96.71% |        2099      1.14%     97.85% |        1995      1.09%     98.93% |        1956      1.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       183647                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1395926     90.82%     90.82% |           0      0.00%     90.82% |        4412      0.29%     91.11% |        5232      0.34%     91.45% |        5419      0.35%     91.80% |        5291      0.34%     92.15% |        5436      0.35%     92.50% |        5516      0.36%     92.86% |        4384      0.29%     93.14% |        4622      0.30%     93.44% |        4376      0.28%     93.73% |        4624      0.30%     94.03% |        4485      0.29%     94.32% |        4357      0.28%     94.61% |        4399      0.29%     94.89% |        4350      0.28%     95.17% |        4469      0.29%     95.47% |        5568      0.36%     95.83% |        4459      0.29%     96.12% |        4587      0.30%     96.42% |        4594      0.30%     96.71% |        4314      0.28%     97.00% |        4319      0.28%     97.28% |        4431      0.29%     97.56% |        4399      0.29%     97.85% |        4404      0.29%     98.14% |        4411      0.29%     98.42% |        4415      0.29%     98.71% |        4283      0.28%     98.99% |        5614      0.37%     99.36% |        4538      0.30%     99.65% |        5363      0.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1536997                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       21187     31.00%     31.00% |           0      0.00%     31.00% |        1691      2.47%     33.47% |        1482      2.17%     35.64% |        1659      2.43%     38.07% |        1420      2.08%     40.14% |        1630      2.38%     42.53% |        1608      2.35%     44.88% |        1479      2.16%     47.04% |        1671      2.44%     49.49% |        1594      2.33%     51.82% |        1821      2.66%     54.48% |        1637      2.39%     56.88% |        1592      2.33%     59.21% |        1448      2.12%     61.33% |        1485      2.17%     63.50% |        1634      2.39%     65.89% |        1661      2.43%     68.32% |        1530      2.24%     70.56% |        1559      2.28%     72.84% |        1655      2.42%     75.26% |        1546      2.26%     77.52% |        1521      2.23%     79.75% |        1519      2.22%     81.97% |        1478      2.16%     84.13% |        1591      2.33%     86.46% |        1503      2.20%     88.66% |        1606      2.35%     91.01% |        1369      2.00%     93.01% |        1724      2.52%     95.53% |        1521      2.23%     97.76% |        1532      2.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        68353                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |         605     44.72%     44.72% |          10      0.74%     45.45% |          76      5.62%     51.07% |          26      1.92%     52.99% |          84      6.21%     59.20% |          41      3.03%     62.23% |          30      2.22%     64.45% |          53      3.92%     68.37% |           1      0.07%     68.44% |           0      0.00%     68.44% |          63      4.66%     73.10% |           4      0.30%     73.39% |          53      3.92%     77.31% |          32      2.37%     79.67% |           0      0.00%     79.67% |          33      2.44%     82.11% |          17      1.26%     83.37% |           5      0.37%     83.74% |          20      1.48%     85.22% |           0      0.00%     85.22% |           1      0.07%     85.29% |          24      1.77%     87.07% |           0      0.00%     87.07% |           7      0.52%     87.58% |           2      0.15%     87.73% |          46      3.40%     91.13% |          15      1.11%     92.24% |           0      0.00%     92.24% |          36      2.66%     94.90% |           4      0.30%     95.20% |          65      4.80%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         1353                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      119788     81.32%     81.32% |           0      0.00%     81.32% |         765      0.52%     81.84% |        1095      0.74%     82.58% |        1097      0.74%     83.33% |        1080      0.73%     84.06% |        1143      0.78%     84.84% |        1131      0.77%     85.60% |         887      0.60%     86.21% |         833      0.57%     86.77% |         798      0.54%     87.31% |         892      0.61%     87.92% |         836      0.57%     88.49% |         845      0.57%     89.06% |         849      0.58%     89.64% |         800      0.54%     90.18% |         871      0.59%     90.77% |        1116      0.76%     91.53% |         872      0.59%     92.12% |         901      0.61%     92.73% |         841      0.57%     93.30% |         865      0.59%     93.89% |         865      0.59%     94.48% |         830      0.56%     95.04% |         845      0.57%     95.62% |         858      0.58%     96.20% |         838      0.57%     96.77% |         833      0.57%     97.33% |         833      0.57%     97.90% |        1157      0.79%     98.68% |         819      0.56%     99.24% |        1121      0.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       147304                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         963      3.28%      3.28% |         729      2.48%      5.76% |        1216      4.14%      9.90% |        1009      3.43%     13.33% |         915      3.11%     16.44% |        1288      4.38%     20.82% |        1091      3.71%     24.54% |        1192      4.06%     28.59% |         822      2.80%     31.39% |         969      3.30%     34.69% |         974      3.31%     38.00% |         822      2.80%     40.80% |         955      3.25%     44.05% |         839      2.85%     46.90% |        1073      3.65%     50.55% |        1187      4.04%     54.59% |         838      2.85%     57.45% |        1272      4.33%     61.77% |        1071      3.64%     65.42% |         573      1.95%     67.37% |         852      2.90%     70.27% |         954      3.25%     73.51% |         959      3.26%     76.78% |         739      2.51%     79.29% |        1090      3.71%     83.00% |        1023      3.48%     86.48% |         849      2.89%     89.37% |        1198      4.08%     93.45% |        1205      4.10%     97.55% |         721      2.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        29388                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     1607235     88.62%     88.62% |           0      0.00%     88.62% |        6868      0.38%     88.99% |        5912      0.33%     89.32% |        6525      0.36%     89.68% |        5937      0.33%     90.01% |        6876      0.38%     90.39% |        8167      0.45%     90.84% |        6395      0.35%     91.19% |        6630      0.37%     91.55% |        7071      0.39%     91.94% |        7130      0.39%     92.34% |        7528      0.42%     92.75% |        6795      0.37%     93.13% |        6370      0.35%     93.48% |        7331      0.40%     93.88% |        7060      0.39%     94.27% |        7320      0.40%     94.68% |        7520      0.41%     95.09% |        7256      0.40%     95.49% |        6555      0.36%     95.85% |        5739      0.32%     96.17% |        6083      0.34%     96.50% |        5696      0.31%     96.82% |        8550      0.47%     97.29% |        6334      0.35%     97.64% |        7197      0.40%     98.03% |        6479      0.36%     98.39% |        7026      0.39%     98.78% |        8170      0.45%     99.23% |        7481      0.41%     99.64% |        6489      0.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      1813725                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     4061972     96.71%     96.71% |           0      0.00%     96.71% |        5346      0.13%     96.84% |        4888      0.12%     96.96% |        3731      0.09%     97.05% |        4836      0.12%     97.16% |        5127      0.12%     97.28% |        4368      0.10%     97.39% |        3406      0.08%     97.47% |        3881      0.09%     97.56% |        4953      0.12%     97.68% |        4498      0.11%     97.79% |        4828      0.11%     97.90% |        4055      0.10%     98.00% |        4182      0.10%     98.10% |        5635      0.13%     98.23% |        4151      0.10%     98.33% |        4144      0.10%     98.43% |        5062      0.12%     98.55% |        3884      0.09%     98.64% |        4152      0.10%     98.74% |        5426      0.13%     98.87% |        3579      0.09%     98.96% |        4516      0.11%     99.06% |        5686      0.14%     99.20% |        5722      0.14%     99.34% |        4348      0.10%     99.44% |        4086      0.10%     99.54% |        4599      0.11%     99.65% |        4952      0.12%     99.76% |        4334      0.10%     99.87% |        5601      0.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      4199948                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         302      5.20%      5.20% |           0      0.00%      5.20% |         151      2.60%      7.79% |         177      3.04%     10.84% |         219      3.77%     14.61% |         129      2.22%     16.82% |         151      2.60%     19.42% |          85      1.46%     20.88% |         207      3.56%     24.45% |         190      3.27%     27.71% |         169      2.91%     30.62% |         155      2.67%     33.29% |         268      4.61%     37.90% |         101      1.74%     39.64% |         187      3.22%     42.85% |         194      3.34%     46.19% |         103      1.77%     47.96% |         192      3.30%     51.26% |         168      2.89%     54.15% |         179      3.08%     57.23% |         172      2.96%     60.19% |         170      2.92%     63.12% |         122      2.10%     65.22% |         217      3.73%     68.95% |         258      4.44%     73.39% |         240      4.13%     77.52% |         163      2.80%     80.32% |         262      4.51%     84.83% |         172      2.96%     87.79% |         170      2.92%     90.71% |         356      6.12%     96.83% |         184      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total         5813                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      167735     53.59%     53.59% |           0      0.00%     53.59% |        5098      1.63%     55.22% |        5723      1.83%     57.05% |        4756      1.52%     58.57% |        5652      1.81%     60.38% |        5252      1.68%     62.05% |        4649      1.49%     63.54% |        4356      1.39%     64.93% |        4663      1.49%     66.42% |        4927      1.57%     68.00% |        4590      1.47%     69.46% |        4655      1.49%     70.95% |        4913      1.57%     72.52% |        4838      1.55%     74.07% |        5046      1.61%     75.68% |        4723      1.51%     77.19% |        4577      1.46%     78.65% |        4723      1.51%     80.16% |        4532      1.45%     81.61% |        4565      1.46%     83.06% |        5293      1.69%     84.76% |        5059      1.62%     86.37% |        5190      1.66%     88.03% |        4400      1.41%     89.44% |        5239      1.67%     91.11% |        4415      1.41%     92.52% |        4636      1.48%     94.00% |        4522      1.44%     95.45% |        4566      1.46%     96.91% |        4179      1.34%     98.24% |        5505      1.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       312977                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        8454      2.88%      2.88% |        7558      2.58%      5.46% |       11547      3.94%      9.40% |        7906      2.70%     12.09% |        9004      3.07%     15.17% |       13151      4.48%     19.65% |       11029      3.76%     23.41% |       11024      3.76%     27.17% |        9484      3.23%     30.41% |       10048      3.43%     33.83% |       10434      3.56%     37.39% |        9226      3.15%     40.54% |        9202      3.14%     43.68% |        9113      3.11%     46.78% |       10684      3.64%     50.43% |       12446      4.24%     54.67% |        9202      3.14%     57.81% |       11570      3.95%     61.76% |       10225      3.49%     65.24% |        5538      1.89%     67.13% |        8799      3.00%     70.13% |        8144      2.78%     72.91% |       10002      3.41%     76.32% |        6982      2.38%     78.70% |       10744      3.66%     82.37% |        9946      3.39%     85.76% |       10075      3.44%     89.19% |       11696      3.99%     93.18% |       12852      4.38%     97.57% |        7139      2.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total       293224                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          31      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |        6434      3.11%      3.12% |        5118      2.47%      5.59% |        7798      3.76%      9.36% |        6173      2.98%     12.34% |        6142      2.97%     15.30% |        8589      4.15%     19.45% |        7392      3.57%     23.02% |        8091      3.91%     26.93% |        6456      3.12%     30.04% |        7222      3.49%     33.53% |        7091      3.42%     36.95% |        7087      3.42%     40.37% |        6861      3.31%     43.69% |        6051      2.92%     46.61% |        7477      3.61%     50.22% |        7918      3.82%     54.04% |        7227      3.49%     57.53% |        8158      3.94%     61.47% |        7543      3.64%     65.11% |        3714      1.79%     66.90% |        6669      3.22%     70.12% |        5970      2.88%     73.01% |        7772      3.75%     76.76% |        4950      2.39%     79.15% |        7331      3.54%     82.69% |        7025      3.39%     86.08% |        6546      3.16%     89.24% |        8383      4.05%     93.29% |        8414      4.06%     97.35% |        5488      2.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total       207121                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          14      6.11%      6.11% |           7      3.06%      9.17% |           3      1.31%     10.48% |          15      6.55%     17.03% |           9      3.93%     20.96% |           8      3.49%     24.45% |           7      3.06%     27.51% |           8      3.49%     31.00% |           3      1.31%     32.31% |           7      3.06%     35.37% |          13      5.68%     41.05% |           5      2.18%     43.23% |          20      8.73%     51.97% |          20      8.73%     60.70% |           6      2.62%     63.32% |           7      3.06%     66.38% |           3      1.31%     67.69% |           6      2.62%     70.31% |           3      1.31%     71.62% |           2      0.87%     72.49% |           8      3.49%     75.98% |           6      2.62%     78.60% |          16      6.99%     85.59% |           2      0.87%     86.46% |           2      0.87%     87.34% |           3      1.31%     88.65% |           6      2.62%     91.27% |           6      2.62%     93.89% |           8      3.49%     97.38% |           6      2.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv::total          229                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      141657     55.53%     55.53% |          10      0.00%     55.54% |        3806      1.49%     57.03% |        3651      1.43%     58.46% |        4315      1.69%     60.15% |        3869      1.52%     61.67% |        3985      1.56%     63.23% |        4336      1.70%     64.93% |        3722      1.46%     66.39% |        4015      1.57%     67.96% |        3568      1.40%     69.36% |        3942      1.55%     70.91% |        3763      1.48%     72.38% |        3566      1.40%     73.78% |        3555      1.39%     75.17% |        3476      1.36%     76.54% |        3859      1.51%     78.05% |        4288      1.68%     79.73% |        3520      1.38%     81.11% |        3983      1.56%     82.67% |        3878      1.52%     84.19% |        3271      1.28%     85.47% |        3525      1.38%     86.86% |        3625      1.42%     88.28% |        3589      1.41%     89.68% |        3482      1.37%     91.05% |        3749      1.47%     92.52% |        3781      1.48%     94.00% |        3370      1.32%     95.32% |        4362      1.71%     97.03% |        3878      1.52%     98.55% |        3693      1.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       255089                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          28      0.01%      0.01% |        8007      3.39%      3.40% |        8233      3.48%      6.88% |        8241      3.48%     10.36% |        8245      3.49%     13.85% |        8114      3.43%     17.28% |        8716      3.69%     20.96% |        8209      3.47%     24.43% |        8157      3.45%     27.88% |        7866      3.33%     31.21% |        7998      3.38%     34.59% |        7974      3.37%     37.96% |        7793      3.29%     41.26% |        7783      3.29%     44.55% |        7747      3.28%     47.82% |        8162      3.45%     51.27% |        8048      3.40%     54.68% |        7451      3.15%     57.83% |        7956      3.36%     61.19% |        7507      3.17%     64.37% |        6280      2.66%     67.02% |        7445      3.15%     70.17% |        7270      3.07%     73.24% |        7804      3.30%     76.54% |        7241      3.06%     79.60% |        7764      3.28%     82.89% |        8112      3.43%     86.32% |        7911      3.34%     89.66% |        8116      3.43%     93.09% |        8651      3.66%     96.75% |        7689      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total       236518                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      123355     55.91%     55.91% |           0      0.00%     55.91% |        3142      1.42%     57.33% |        3193      1.45%     58.78% |        3491      1.58%     60.36% |        3330      1.51%     61.87% |        3303      1.50%     63.37% |        3800      1.72%     65.09% |        3406      1.54%     66.63% |        2930      1.33%     67.96% |        3191      1.45%     69.41% |        3329      1.51%     70.91% |        3092      1.40%     72.32% |        3108      1.41%     73.72% |        3249      1.47%     75.20% |        3683      1.67%     76.87% |        3025      1.37%     78.24% |        3802      1.72%     79.96% |        2919      1.32%     81.28% |        3207      1.45%     82.74% |        3324      1.51%     84.24% |        3246      1.47%     85.71% |        3053      1.38%     87.10% |        3421      1.55%     88.65% |        2886      1.31%     89.96% |        3223      1.46%     91.42% |        2812      1.27%     92.69% |        2995      1.36%     94.05% |        3500      1.59%     95.63% |        3272      1.48%     97.12% |        3496      1.58%     98.70% |        2864      1.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       220647                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          10    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         387      2.57%      2.57% |         569      3.78%      6.35% |         650      4.32%     10.67% |         454      3.02%     13.69% |         554      3.68%     17.37% |         670      4.45%     21.82% |         523      3.48%     25.30% |         547      3.64%     28.94% |         531      3.53%     32.46% |         477      3.17%     35.64% |         422      2.80%     38.44% |         427      2.84%     41.28% |         470      3.12%     44.40% |         654      4.35%     48.75% |         443      2.94%     51.69% |         510      3.39%     55.08% |         487      3.24%     58.32% |         469      3.12%     61.43% |         488      3.24%     64.68% |         640      4.25%     68.93% |         401      2.66%     71.60% |         308      2.05%     73.64% |         526      3.50%     77.14% |         630      4.19%     81.33% |         364      2.42%     83.74% |         403      2.68%     86.42% |         337      2.24%     88.66% |         570      3.79%     92.45% |         538      3.58%     96.03% |         598      3.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total        15047                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      146871     28.49%     28.49% |           0      0.00%     28.49% |       11413      2.21%     30.70% |       11891      2.31%     33.01% |       13336      2.59%     35.60% |       12817      2.49%     38.08% |       12226      2.37%     40.45% |       13436      2.61%     43.06% |       12260      2.38%     45.44% |       13040      2.53%     47.97% |       11883      2.31%     50.27% |       11907      2.31%     52.58% |       11907      2.31%     54.89% |       12048      2.34%     57.23% |       12742      2.47%     59.70% |       12242      2.37%     62.08% |       12759      2.47%     64.55% |       12454      2.42%     66.97% |       11912      2.31%     69.28% |       13617      2.64%     71.92% |       12563      2.44%     74.36% |        9426      1.83%     76.18% |       12315      2.39%     78.57% |       12181      2.36%     80.94% |       12471      2.42%     83.35% |       10980      2.13%     85.48% |       12483      2.42%     87.91% |       12688      2.46%     90.37% |       11815      2.29%     92.66% |       12927      2.51%     95.17% |       13580      2.63%     97.80% |       11337      2.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       515527                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         147      2.41%      2.41% |         223      3.65%      6.06% |         196      3.21%      9.27% |         162      2.65%     11.92% |         162      2.65%     14.57% |         198      3.24%     17.81% |         366      5.99%     23.80% |         216      3.54%     27.34% |         189      3.09%     30.44% |         208      3.41%     33.84% |         141      2.31%     36.15% |         156      2.55%     38.70% |         191      3.13%     41.83% |         195      3.19%     45.02% |         160      2.62%     47.64% |         167      2.73%     50.38% |         119      1.95%     52.32% |         182      2.98%     55.30% |         261      4.27%     59.58% |         246      4.03%     63.61% |         180      2.95%     66.55% |         185      3.03%     69.58% |         337      5.52%     75.10% |         242      3.96%     79.06% |         166      2.72%     81.78% |         250      4.09%     85.87% |         115      1.88%     87.75% |         290      4.75%     92.50% |         243      3.98%     96.48% |         215      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total         6108                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         223      2.59%      2.59% |         159      1.85%      4.44% |         214      2.49%      6.92% |         201      2.33%      9.26% |         247      2.87%     12.13% |         255      2.96%     15.09% |         292      3.39%     18.48% |         402      4.67%     23.15% |         298      3.46%     26.61% |         283      3.29%     29.90% |         227      2.64%     32.54% |         267      3.10%     35.64% |         336      3.90%     39.54% |         292      3.39%     42.93% |         353      4.10%     47.03% |         245      2.85%     49.88% |         284      3.30%     53.18% |         434      5.04%     58.22% |         396      4.60%     62.82% |         195      2.27%     65.08% |         299      3.47%     68.56% |         298      3.46%     72.02% |         316      3.67%     75.69% |         224      2.60%     78.29% |         415      4.82%     83.11% |         347      4.03%     87.14% |         207      2.40%     89.55% |         284      3.30%     92.84% |         461      5.35%     98.20% |         155      1.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total         8609                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        7645      2.94%      2.94% |        5561      2.14%      5.08% |       10356      3.98%      9.06% |        6111      2.35%     11.41% |        7417      2.85%     14.26% |       12954      4.98%     19.24% |       10147      3.90%     23.14% |       10307      3.96%     27.10% |        8481      3.26%     30.36% |        9206      3.54%     33.90% |        9889      3.80%     37.70% |        8563      3.29%     40.99% |        7359      2.83%     43.82% |        7190      2.76%     46.58% |        9538      3.67%     50.25% |       12474      4.79%     55.04% |        8722      3.35%     58.40% |       10496      4.03%     62.43% |        8923      3.43%     65.86% |        4073      1.57%     67.43% |        7412      2.85%     70.27% |        6375      2.45%     72.72% |        9336      3.59%     76.31% |        5368      2.06%     78.38% |        9729      3.74%     82.12% |        8260      3.17%     85.29% |        9128      3.51%     88.80% |       11446      4.40%     93.20% |       11868      4.56%     97.76% |        5824      2.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total       260158                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          19      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |        7230      2.99%      3.00% |        5396      2.23%      5.23% |        9578      3.96%      9.19% |        5816      2.40%     11.59% |        6938      2.87%     14.46% |       11686      4.83%     19.29% |        9493      3.92%     23.21% |        9450      3.91%     27.12% |        7780      3.22%     30.33% |        8543      3.53%     33.86% |        9152      3.78%     37.65% |        7924      3.28%     40.92% |        7107      2.94%     43.86% |        6870      2.84%     46.70% |        8842      3.65%     50.35% |       11211      4.63%     54.99% |        8130      3.36%     58.35% |        9524      3.94%     62.28% |        8488      3.51%     65.79% |        3992      1.65%     67.44% |        7038      2.91%     70.35% |        6018      2.49%     72.84% |        8688      3.59%     76.43% |        5104      2.11%     78.54% |        8880      3.67%     82.21% |        7768      3.21%     85.42% |        8324      3.44%     88.86% |       10397      4.30%     93.16% |       10917      4.51%     97.67% |        5640      2.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total       241943                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          14      6.11%      6.11% |           7      3.06%      9.17% |           3      1.31%     10.48% |          15      6.55%     17.03% |           9      3.93%     20.96% |           8      3.49%     24.45% |           7      3.06%     27.51% |           8      3.49%     31.00% |           3      1.31%     32.31% |           7      3.06%     35.37% |          13      5.68%     41.05% |           5      2.18%     43.23% |          20      8.73%     51.97% |          20      8.73%     60.70% |           6      2.62%     63.32% |           7      3.06%     66.38% |           3      1.31%     67.69% |           6      2.62%     70.31% |           3      1.31%     71.62% |           2      0.87%     72.49% |           8      3.49%     75.98% |           6      2.62%     78.60% |          16      6.99%     85.59% |           2      0.87%     86.46% |           2      0.87%     87.34% |           3      1.31%     88.65% |           6      2.62%     91.27% |           6      2.62%     93.89% |           8      3.49%     97.38% |           6      2.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks::total          229                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1522    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1522                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           56                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         130    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          130                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8      5.26%      5.26% |           1      0.66%      5.92% |           5      3.29%      9.21% |           0      0.00%      9.21% |           2      1.32%     10.53% |           5      3.29%     13.82% |           1      0.66%     14.47% |          36     23.68%     38.16% |           1      0.66%     38.82% |           0      0.00%     38.82% |           1      0.66%     39.47% |          16     10.53%     50.00% |           5      3.29%     53.29% |           9      5.92%     59.21% |           6      3.95%     63.16% |           4      2.63%     65.79% |           1      0.66%     66.45% |           0      0.00%     66.45% |           3      1.97%     68.42% |           1      0.66%     69.08% |          13      8.55%     77.63% |           4      2.63%     80.26% |           3      1.97%     82.24% |           4      2.63%     84.87% |           2      1.32%     86.18% |           0      0.00%     86.18% |           6      3.95%     90.13% |          10      6.58%     96.71% |           0      0.00%     96.71% |           5      3.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total          152                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           3     60.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     11.11%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           1     11.11%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           2     22.22%     44.44% |           4     44.44%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1     11.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      287523     62.49%     62.49% |           0      0.00%     62.49% |        5855      1.27%     63.76% |        6817      1.48%     65.24% |        5848      1.27%     66.51% |        6732      1.46%     67.98% |        6393      1.39%     69.37% |        5775      1.26%     70.62% |        5241      1.14%     71.76% |        5460      1.19%     72.95% |        5721      1.24%     74.19% |        5482      1.19%     75.38% |        5490      1.19%     76.58% |        5742      1.25%     77.82% |        5682      1.23%     79.06% |        5837      1.27%     80.33% |        5588      1.21%     81.54% |        5689      1.24%     82.78% |        5594      1.22%     83.99% |        5433      1.18%     85.17% |        5403      1.17%     86.35% |        6157      1.34%     87.69% |        5911      1.28%     88.97% |        6014      1.31%     90.28% |        5238      1.14%     91.42% |        6093      1.32%     92.74% |        5248      1.14%     93.88% |        5469      1.19%     95.07% |        5349      1.16%     96.23% |        5712      1.24%     97.47% |        4998      1.09%     98.56% |        6621      1.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       460115                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8      4.82%      4.82% |           1      0.60%      5.42% |           5      3.01%      8.43% |           0      0.00%      8.43% |           2      1.20%      9.64% |           5      3.01%     12.65% |           2      1.20%     13.86% |          36     21.69%     35.54% |           4      2.41%     37.95% |           0      0.00%     37.95% |           1      0.60%     38.55% |          16      9.64%     48.19% |           5      3.01%     51.20% |           9      5.42%     56.63% |           6      3.61%     60.24% |           4      2.41%     62.65% |           1      0.60%     63.25% |           0      0.00%     63.25% |           3      1.81%     65.06% |           1      0.60%     65.66% |          13      7.83%     73.49% |           6      3.61%     77.11% |           7      4.22%     81.33% |           4      2.41%     83.73% |           5      3.01%     86.75% |           0      0.00%     86.75% |           6      3.61%     90.36% |          11      6.63%     96.99% |           0      0.00%     96.99% |           5      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total          166                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3825      3.11%      3.11% |        3773      3.07%      6.18% |        3470      2.82%      9.00% |        3486      2.83%     11.83% |        3534      2.87%     14.71% |        4039      3.28%     17.99% |        3711      3.02%     21.01% |        3292      2.68%     23.68% |        3532      2.87%     26.56% |        5121      4.16%     30.72% |        3877      3.15%     33.87% |        3780      3.07%     36.94% |        3539      2.88%     39.82% |        4264      3.47%     43.29% |        3860      3.14%     46.43% |        3762      3.06%     49.49% |        4074      3.31%     52.80% |        4103      3.34%     56.13% |        3601      2.93%     59.06% |        3281      2.67%     61.73% |        3060      2.49%     64.22% |        3640      2.96%     67.18% |        3490      2.84%     70.01% |        3380      2.75%     72.76% |        3601      2.93%     75.69% |        3624      2.95%     78.64% |        3241      2.64%     81.27% |        4529      3.68%     84.95% |        3910      3.18%     88.13% |        5148      4.19%     92.32% |        5000      4.07%     96.38% |        4448      3.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       122995                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       44947      7.46%      7.46% |       18662      3.10%     10.55% |       17819      2.96%     13.51% |       18560      3.08%     16.59% |       17992      2.99%     19.58% |       17549      2.91%     22.49% |       17426      2.89%     25.38% |       17344      2.88%     28.26% |       17595      2.92%     31.18% |       17856      2.96%     34.14% |       19768      3.28%     37.42% |       19396      3.22%     40.64% |       18377      3.05%     43.69% |       17817      2.96%     46.64% |       17085      2.83%     49.48% |       17346      2.88%     52.36% |       18429      3.06%     55.42% |       17812      2.96%     58.37% |       17902      2.97%     61.34% |       17867      2.96%     64.31% |       17895      2.97%     67.28% |       19199      3.19%     70.46% |       17624      2.92%     73.39% |       17189      2.85%     76.24% |       17655      2.93%     79.17% |       18028      2.99%     82.16% |       17595      2.92%     85.08% |       17052      2.83%     87.91% |       17606      2.92%     90.83% |       17226      2.86%     93.69% |       17808      2.95%     96.64% |       20238      3.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       602664                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       19001      3.50%      3.50% |       16973      3.13%      6.63% |       16724      3.08%      9.71% |       16926      3.12%     12.83% |       16967      3.13%     15.96% |       16652      3.07%     19.03% |       16483      3.04%     22.07% |       16495      3.04%     25.11% |       16906      3.12%     28.22% |       16719      3.08%     31.30% |       16629      3.06%     34.37% |       17271      3.18%     37.55% |       16767      3.09%     40.64% |       16596      3.06%     43.70% |       16505      3.04%     46.74% |       16635      3.07%     49.81% |       16822      3.10%     52.91% |       16609      3.06%     55.97% |       16866      3.11%     59.08% |       16889      3.11%     62.19% |       16965      3.13%     65.32% |       17787      3.28%     68.60% |       16790      3.09%     71.69% |       16821      3.10%     74.79% |       17187      3.17%     77.96% |       16890      3.11%     81.07% |       16911      3.12%     84.19% |       17265      3.18%     87.37% |       16906      3.12%     90.49% |       16929      3.12%     93.61% |       17385      3.20%     96.81% |       17283      3.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       542554                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |        7424      3.12%      3.12% |        7337      3.09%      6.21% |        7421      3.12%      9.33% |        7423      3.12%     12.46% |        7521      3.16%     15.62% |        7365      3.10%     18.72% |        7410      3.12%     21.84% |        7473      3.14%     24.98% |        7577      3.19%     28.17% |        7330      3.08%     31.25% |        7372      3.10%     34.36% |        7371      3.10%     37.46% |        7631      3.21%     40.67% |        7369      3.10%     43.77% |        7358      3.10%     46.87% |        7348      3.09%     49.96% |        7598      3.20%     53.15% |        7435      3.13%     56.28% |        7319      3.08%     59.36% |        7332      3.09%     62.45% |        7548      3.18%     65.62% |        7453      3.14%     68.76% |        7422      3.12%     71.88% |        7348      3.09%     74.97% |        7533      3.17%     78.14% |        7441      3.13%     81.27% |        7460      3.14%     84.41% |        7323      3.08%     87.49% |        7500      3.16%     90.65% |        7379      3.10%     93.75% |        7476      3.15%     96.90% |        7368      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total       237665                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       42292      9.19%      9.19% |       14423      3.13%     12.33% |       13107      2.85%     15.17% |       14019      3.05%     18.22% |       13269      2.88%     21.10% |       12882      2.80%     23.90% |       12505      2.72%     26.62% |       12543      2.73%     29.35% |       12795      2.78%     32.13% |       13323      2.90%     35.02% |       15064      3.27%     38.30% |       15357      3.34%     41.64% |       13489      2.93%     44.57% |       13103      2.85%     47.41% |       12260      2.66%     50.08% |       12651      2.75%     52.83% |       13645      2.97%     55.79% |       13137      2.86%     58.65% |       13479      2.93%     61.58% |       13498      2.93%     64.51% |       13175      2.86%     67.37% |       15584      3.39%     70.76% |       13049      2.84%     73.60% |       12729      2.77%     76.36% |       13219      2.87%     79.24% |       13566      2.95%     82.18% |       13090      2.84%     85.03% |       13057      2.84%     87.87% |       12979      2.82%     90.69% |       12762      2.77%     93.46% |       13884      3.02%     96.48% |       16203      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total       460138                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |          12      4.10%      4.10% |          14      4.78%      8.87% |          12      4.10%     12.97% |           7      2.39%     15.36% |          12      4.10%     19.45% |           5      1.71%     21.16% |          12      4.10%     25.26% |          10      3.41%     28.67% |          10      3.41%     32.08% |           4      1.37%     33.45% |          14      4.78%     38.23% |          15      5.12%     43.34% |           8      2.73%     46.08% |           5      1.71%     47.78% |           9      3.07%     50.85% |          10      3.41%     54.27% |           8      2.73%     57.00% |           6      2.05%     59.04% |           5      1.71%     60.75% |          10      3.41%     64.16% |          10      3.41%     67.58% |           4      1.37%     68.94% |          11      3.75%     72.70% |           3      1.02%     73.72% |          14      4.78%     78.50% |          10      3.41%     81.91% |          12      4.10%     86.01% |           7      2.39%     88.40% |          13      4.44%     92.83% |           9      3.07%     95.90% |           6      2.05%     97.95% |           6      2.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total          293                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        7870      3.68%      3.68% |        6624      3.10%      6.77% |        6671      3.12%      9.89% |        6621      3.09%     12.98% |        6644      3.10%     16.09% |        6622      3.09%     19.18% |        6615      3.09%     22.27% |        6618      3.09%     25.37% |        6690      3.13%     28.49% |        6653      3.11%     31.60% |        6674      3.12%     34.72% |        6649      3.11%     37.83% |        6684      3.12%     40.95% |        6666      3.11%     44.06% |        6653      3.11%     47.17% |        6639      3.10%     50.28% |        6730      3.14%     53.42% |        6666      3.11%     56.53% |        6675      3.12%     59.65% |        6664      3.11%     62.77% |        6689      3.13%     65.89% |        6683      3.12%     69.02% |        6655      3.11%     72.13% |        6619      3.09%     75.22% |        6680      3.12%     78.34% |        6636      3.10%     81.44% |        6620      3.09%     84.53% |        6601      3.08%     87.62% |        6652      3.11%     90.73% |        6608      3.09%     93.81% |        6623      3.09%     96.91% |        6614      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       214008                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        1956      3.38%      3.38% |        1877      3.24%      6.61% |        1891      3.26%      9.88% |        1850      3.19%     13.07% |        1807      3.12%     16.19% |        1835      3.17%     19.35% |        1836      3.17%     22.52% |        1823      3.15%     25.67% |        1779      3.07%     28.74% |        1863      3.21%     31.95% |        1859      3.21%     35.16% |        1809      3.12%     38.28% |        1808      3.12%     41.40% |        1838      3.17%     44.57% |        1857      3.20%     47.78% |        1793      3.09%     50.87% |        1749      3.02%     53.89% |        1782      3.08%     56.97% |        1777      3.07%     60.03% |        1772      3.06%     63.09% |        1745      3.01%     66.10% |        1794      3.10%     69.20% |        1777      3.07%     72.26% |        1772      3.06%     75.32% |        1765      3.05%     78.37% |        1835      3.17%     81.53% |        1829      3.16%     84.69% |        1789      3.09%     87.78% |        1764      3.04%     90.82% |        1779      3.07%     93.89% |        1776      3.06%     96.96% |        1764      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total        57950                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       10942      3.58%      3.58% |        9550      3.13%      6.71% |        9610      3.15%      9.85% |        9519      3.12%     12.97% |        9499      3.11%     16.08% |        9505      3.11%     19.19% |        9499      3.11%     22.30% |        9489      3.11%     25.40% |        9517      3.11%     28.52% |        9564      3.13%     31.65% |        9580      3.14%     34.78% |        9505      3.11%     37.89% |        9539      3.12%     41.01% |        9551      3.13%     44.14% |        9557      3.13%     47.27% |        9479      3.10%     50.37% |        9526      3.12%     53.49% |        9496      3.11%     56.59% |        9500      3.11%     59.70% |        9484      3.10%     62.81% |        9482      3.10%     65.91% |        9526      3.12%     69.03% |        9480      3.10%     72.13% |        9438      3.09%     75.22% |        9493      3.11%     78.33% |        9520      3.12%     81.44% |        9498      3.11%     84.55% |        9436      3.09%     87.64% |        9463      3.10%     90.74% |        9434      3.09%     93.82% |        9448      3.09%     96.91% |        9427      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       305556                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |        9918      3.64%      3.64% |        8526      3.13%      6.76% |        8586      3.15%      9.91% |        8495      3.11%     13.02% |        8475      3.11%     16.13% |        8481      3.11%     19.24% |        8475      3.11%     22.35% |        8465      3.10%     25.45% |        8493      3.11%     28.56% |        8540      3.13%     31.69% |        8556      3.14%     34.83% |        8481      3.11%     37.94% |        8515      3.12%     41.06% |        8527      3.13%     44.19% |        8533      3.13%     47.31% |        8455      3.10%     50.41% |        8502      3.12%     53.53% |        8472      3.11%     56.64% |        8476      3.11%     59.74% |        8460      3.10%     62.84% |        8458      3.10%     65.94% |        8502      3.12%     69.06% |        8456      3.10%     72.16% |        8414      3.08%     75.25% |        8469      3.10%     78.35% |        8496      3.11%     81.46% |        8474      3.11%     84.57% |        8413      3.08%     87.65% |        8439      3.09%     90.75% |        8410      3.08%     93.83% |        8424      3.09%     96.92% |        8403      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       272789                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |        6778      3.18%      3.18% |        6645      3.12%      6.30% |        6616      3.11%      9.41% |        6695      3.14%     12.55% |        6756      3.17%     15.72% |        6669      3.13%     18.85% |        6651      3.12%     21.97% |        6690      3.14%     25.11% |        6775      3.18%     28.29% |        6578      3.09%     31.38% |        6629      3.11%     34.49% |        6565      3.08%     37.57% |        6810      3.20%     40.77% |        6599      3.10%     43.86% |        6605      3.10%     46.96% |        6613      3.10%     50.07% |        6777      3.18%     53.25% |        6673      3.13%     56.38% |        6562      3.08%     59.46% |        6602      3.10%     62.56% |        6687      3.14%     65.70% |        6639      3.12%     68.81% |        6597      3.10%     71.91% |        6567      3.08%     74.99% |        6711      3.15%     78.14% |        6610      3.10%     81.24% |        6681      3.14%     84.38% |        6565      3.08%     87.46% |        6783      3.18%     90.64% |        6620      3.11%     93.75% |        6662      3.13%     96.88% |        6652      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total       213062                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |         923      3.14%      3.14% |         929      3.16%      6.29% |         921      3.13%      9.43% |         930      3.16%     12.59% |         919      3.12%     15.71% |         914      3.11%     18.82% |         926      3.15%     21.96% |         932      3.17%     25.13% |         942      3.20%     28.33% |         881      2.99%     31.33% |         938      3.19%     34.52% |         911      3.10%     37.61% |         918      3.12%     40.73% |         921      3.13%     43.86% |         928      3.15%     47.02% |         905      3.08%     50.09% |         906      3.08%     53.17% |         923      3.14%     56.31% |         879      2.99%     59.30% |         922      3.13%     62.43% |         922      3.13%     65.57% |         911      3.10%     68.66% |         932      3.17%     71.83% |         873      2.97%     74.80% |         912      3.10%     77.90% |         912      3.10%     81.00% |         912      3.10%     84.10% |         891      3.03%     87.12% |         937      3.18%     90.31% |         943      3.21%     93.51% |         955      3.25%     96.76% |         953      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total        29421                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |        1297      3.08%      3.08% |        1304      3.09%      6.17% |        1339      3.18%      9.35% |        1326      3.15%     12.49% |        1330      3.16%     15.65% |        1328      3.15%     18.80% |        1340      3.18%     21.98% |        1339      3.18%     25.16% |        1336      3.17%     28.33% |        1341      3.18%     31.51% |        1338      3.17%     34.68% |        1327      3.15%     37.83% |        1318      3.13%     40.96% |        1326      3.15%     44.10% |        1337      3.17%     47.28% |        1324      3.14%     50.42% |        1328      3.15%     53.57% |        1323      3.14%     56.71% |        1312      3.11%     59.82% |        1301      3.09%     62.91% |        1293      3.07%     65.97% |        1294      3.07%     69.04% |        1311      3.11%     72.15% |        1303      3.09%     75.24% |        1313      3.12%     78.36% |        1304      3.09%     81.45% |        1315      3.12%     84.57% |        1293      3.07%     87.64% |        1302      3.09%     90.73% |        1296      3.07%     93.81% |        1306      3.10%     96.90% |        1305      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total        42149                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         527      3.36%      3.36% |         474      3.02%      6.38% |         476      3.04%      9.42% |         464      2.96%     12.38% |         478      3.05%     15.43% |         487      3.11%     18.53% |         479      3.06%     21.59% |         479      3.06%     24.64% |         483      3.08%     27.72% |         492      3.14%     30.86% |         507      3.23%     34.10% |         496      3.16%     37.26% |         513      3.27%     40.53% |         516      3.29%     43.82% |         520      3.32%     47.14% |         502      3.20%     50.34% |         506      3.23%     53.57% |         495      3.16%     56.73% |         491      3.13%     59.86% |         469      2.99%     62.85% |         465      2.97%     65.81% |         491      3.13%     68.95% |         468      2.98%     71.93% |         466      2.97%     74.90% |         500      3.19%     78.09% |         502      3.20%     81.29% |         511      3.26%     84.55% |         481      3.07%     87.62% |         480      3.06%     90.68% |         484      3.09%     93.77% |         493      3.14%     96.91% |         484      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        15679                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        7465      3.16%      3.16% |        7359      3.11%      6.27% |        7340      3.10%      9.37% |        7418      3.14%     12.51% |        7494      3.17%     15.68% |        7384      3.12%     18.80% |        7378      3.12%     21.92% |        7419      3.14%     25.05% |        7561      3.20%     28.25% |        7267      3.07%     31.32% |        7365      3.11%     34.44% |        7282      3.08%     37.52% |        7572      3.20%     40.72% |        7344      3.11%     43.82% |        7351      3.11%     46.93% |        7336      3.10%     50.03% |        7542      3.19%     53.22% |        7433      3.14%     56.36% |        7274      3.08%     59.44% |        7343      3.10%     62.54% |        7458      3.15%     65.70% |        7365      3.11%     68.81% |        7340      3.10%     71.91% |        7247      3.06%     74.98% |        7465      3.16%     78.13% |        7326      3.10%     81.23% |        7390      3.12%     84.36% |        7250      3.07%     87.42% |        7546      3.19%     90.61% |        7368      3.12%     93.73% |        7424      3.14%     96.87% |        7412      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total       236518                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       59833      5.91%      5.91% |       31612      3.12%      9.03% |       30326      2.99%     12.03% |       31285      3.09%     15.12% |       30737      3.04%     18.15% |       30054      2.97%     21.12% |       29714      2.93%     24.05% |       29782      2.94%     27.00% |       30275      2.99%     29.99% |       30447      3.01%     32.99% |       32262      3.19%     36.18% |       32524      3.21%     39.39% |       30983      3.06%     42.45% |       30282      2.99%     45.44% |       29405      2.90%     48.34% |       29820      2.95%     51.29% |       31110      3.07%     54.36% |       30352      3.00%     57.36% |       30599      3.02%     60.38% |       30667      3.03%     63.41% |       30614      3.02%     66.43% |       32797      3.24%     69.67% |       30248      2.99%     72.66% |       29849      2.95%     75.61% |       30650      3.03%     78.64% |       30770      3.04%     81.67% |       30323      2.99%     84.67% |       30163      2.98%     87.65% |       30428      3.01%     90.65% |       30023      2.97%     93.62% |       31150      3.08%     96.69% |       33475      3.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1012559                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.04%     11.04% |          52      3.12%     14.17% |          48      2.88%     17.05% |          48      2.88%     19.93% |          48      2.88%     22.81% |          48      2.88%     25.69% |          48      2.88%     28.57% |          48      2.88%     31.45% |          48      2.88%     34.33% |          48      2.88%     37.21% |          46      2.76%     39.98% |          46      2.76%     42.74% |          46      2.76%     45.50% |          46      2.76%     48.26% |          46      2.76%     51.02% |          46      2.76%     53.78% |          46      2.76%     56.54% |          48      2.88%     59.42% |          48      2.88%     62.30% |          48      2.88%     65.19% |          48      2.88%     68.07% |          50      3.00%     71.07% |          48      2.88%     73.95% |          46      2.76%     76.71% |          48      2.88%     79.59% |          50      3.00%     82.59% |          50      3.00%     85.59% |          46      2.76%     88.36% |          46      2.76%     91.12% |          48      2.88%     94.00% |          50      3.00%     97.00% |          50      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1666                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         409      3.29%      3.29% |         373      3.00%      6.29% |         376      3.03%      9.32% |         371      2.99%     12.31% |         382      3.07%     15.38% |         379      3.05%     18.43% |         379      3.05%     21.48% |         383      3.08%     24.56% |         386      3.11%     27.67% |         396      3.19%     30.86% |         404      3.25%     34.11% |         395      3.18%     37.29% |         413      3.32%     40.61% |         412      3.32%     43.93% |         417      3.36%     47.28% |         402      3.24%     50.52% |         405      3.26%     53.78% |         395      3.18%     56.96% |         388      3.12%     60.08% |         369      2.97%     63.05% |         361      2.91%     65.96% |         383      3.08%     69.04% |         368      2.96%     72.00% |         366      2.95%     74.95% |         397      3.20%     78.14% |         400      3.22%     81.36% |         409      3.29%     84.65% |         383      3.08%     87.73% |         383      3.08%     90.82% |         380      3.06%     93.88% |         391      3.15%     97.02% |         370      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        12425                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |        5262      4.13%      4.13% |        4007      3.14%      7.27% |        4062      3.19%     10.46% |        3973      3.12%     13.58% |        3958      3.11%     16.68% |        3953      3.10%     19.78% |        3961      3.11%     22.89% |        3951      3.10%     25.99% |        3957      3.10%     29.09% |        3986      3.13%     32.22% |        4007      3.14%     35.36% |        3919      3.07%     38.44% |        3943      3.09%     41.53% |        3957      3.10%     44.64% |        3964      3.11%     47.75% |        3914      3.07%     50.82% |        3943      3.09%     53.91% |        3922      3.08%     56.99% |        3931      3.08%     60.07% |        3936      3.09%     63.16% |        3941      3.09%     66.25% |        3946      3.10%     69.35% |        3940      3.09%     72.44% |        3901      3.06%     75.50% |        3921      3.08%     78.57% |        3942      3.09%     81.67% |        3908      3.07%     84.73% |        3890      3.05%     87.78% |        3911      3.07%     90.85% |        3885      3.05%     93.90% |        3875      3.04%     96.94% |        3900      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       127466                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        5271      3.18%      3.18% |        5171      3.12%      6.30% |        5172      3.12%      9.42% |        5175      3.12%     12.55% |        5159      3.11%     15.66% |        5173      3.12%     18.79% |        5159      3.11%     21.90% |        5155      3.11%     25.01% |        5174      3.12%     28.13% |        5182      3.13%     31.26% |        5169      3.12%     34.38% |        5191      3.13%     37.52% |        5183      3.13%     40.64% |        5182      3.13%     43.77% |        5176      3.12%     46.90% |        5163      3.12%     50.01% |        5178      3.13%     53.14% |        5179      3.13%     56.26% |        5181      3.13%     59.39% |        5179      3.13%     62.52% |        5180      3.13%     65.64% |        5197      3.14%     68.78% |        5172      3.12%     71.90% |        5171      3.12%     75.02% |        5175      3.12%     78.15% |        5178      3.13%     81.27% |        5181      3.13%     84.40% |        5164      3.12%     87.52% |        5169      3.12%     90.64% |        5170      3.12%     93.76% |        5182      3.13%     96.89% |        5157      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       165668                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |           6      4.17%      4.17% |           7      4.86%      9.03% |           6      4.17%     13.19% |           4      2.78%     15.97% |           6      4.17%     20.14% |           3      2.08%     22.22% |           6      4.17%     26.39% |           5      3.47%     29.86% |           5      3.47%     33.33% |           1      0.69%     34.03% |           7      4.86%     38.89% |           7      4.86%     43.75% |           4      2.78%     46.53% |           2      1.39%     47.92% |           5      3.47%     51.39% |           5      3.47%     54.86% |           4      2.78%     57.64% |           3      2.08%     59.72% |           2      1.39%     61.11% |           5      3.47%     64.58% |           5      3.47%     68.06% |           2      1.39%     69.44% |           5      3.47%     72.92% |           1      0.69%     73.61% |           7      4.86%     78.47% |           5      3.47%     81.94% |           6      4.17%     86.11% |           3      2.08%     88.19% |           6      4.17%     92.36% |           5      3.47%     95.83% |           3      2.08%     97.92% |           3      2.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total          144                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3412      3.09%      3.09% |        3393      3.07%      6.16% |        3089      2.80%      8.96% |        3111      2.82%     11.77% |        3151      2.85%     14.62% |        3653      3.31%     17.93% |        3330      3.01%     20.94% |        2908      2.63%     23.58% |        3145      2.85%     26.42% |        4723      4.28%     30.70% |        3471      3.14%     33.84% |        3384      3.06%     36.90% |        3122      2.83%     39.73% |        3851      3.49%     43.22% |        3439      3.11%     46.33% |        3360      3.04%     49.37% |        3668      3.32%     52.69% |        3706      3.35%     56.04% |        3200      2.90%     58.94% |        2906      2.63%     61.57% |        2697      2.44%     64.01% |        3256      2.95%     66.96% |        3120      2.82%     69.78% |        3012      2.73%     72.51% |        3200      2.90%     75.41% |        3223      2.92%     78.32% |        2830      2.56%     80.89% |        4146      3.75%     84.64% |        3522      3.19%     87.83% |        4765      4.31%     92.14% |        4606      4.17%     96.31% |        4078      3.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110477                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        2499      3.12%      3.12% |        2470      3.08%      6.20% |        2576      3.21%      9.41% |        2536      3.16%     12.58% |        2557      3.19%     15.77% |        2552      3.18%     18.95% |        2614      3.26%     22.21% |        2495      3.11%     25.32% |        2537      3.16%     28.49% |        2467      3.08%     31.56% |        2560      3.19%     34.76% |        2493      3.11%     37.87% |        2502      3.12%     40.99% |        2463      3.07%     44.06% |        2537      3.16%     47.23% |        2505      3.12%     50.35% |        2538      3.17%     53.52% |        2486      3.10%     56.62% |        2536      3.16%     59.78% |        2462      3.07%     62.85% |        2484      3.10%     65.95% |        2479      3.09%     69.04% |        2503      3.12%     72.17% |        2422      3.02%     75.19% |        2505      3.12%     78.31% |        2490      3.11%     81.42% |        2500      3.12%     84.54% |        2452      3.06%     87.60% |        2470      3.08%     90.68% |        2463      3.07%     93.75% |        2538      3.17%     96.92% |        2473      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total        80164                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |         545      3.39%      3.39% |         527      3.28%      6.66% |         472      2.93%      9.60% |         510      3.17%     12.77% |         518      3.22%     15.99% |         527      3.28%     19.27% |         492      3.06%     22.32% |         468      2.91%     25.23% |         518      3.22%     28.45% |         503      3.13%     31.58% |         500      3.11%     34.69% |         475      2.95%     37.64% |         504      3.13%     40.77% |         509      3.16%     43.94% |         507      3.15%     47.09% |         510      3.17%     50.26% |         490      3.05%     53.31% |         498      3.10%     56.40% |         515      3.20%     59.60% |         512      3.18%     62.79% |         511      3.18%     65.96% |         485      3.02%     68.98% |         498      3.10%     72.08% |         523      3.25%     75.33% |         503      3.13%     78.45% |         477      2.97%     81.42% |         494      3.07%     84.49% |         496      3.08%     87.57% |         526      3.27%     90.84% |         498      3.10%     93.94% |         462      2.87%     96.81% |         513      3.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total        16086                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |        7126      3.14%      3.14% |        7025      3.10%      6.24% |        7069      3.12%      9.35% |        7096      3.13%     12.48% |        7180      3.16%     15.64% |        7059      3.11%     18.76% |        7083      3.12%     21.88% |        7141      3.15%     25.02% |        7219      3.18%     28.21% |        7002      3.09%     31.29% |        7046      3.11%     34.40% |        7015      3.09%     37.49% |        7274      3.21%     40.69% |        7031      3.10%     43.79% |        7036      3.10%     46.89% |        7039      3.10%     50.00% |        7267      3.20%     53.20% |        7129      3.14%     56.34% |        7011      3.09%     59.43% |        7034      3.10%     62.53% |        7148      3.15%     65.68% |        7092      3.13%     68.81% |        7032      3.10%     71.91% |        6967      3.07%     74.98% |        7175      3.16%     78.14% |        7059      3.11%     81.25% |        7105      3.13%     84.38% |        6977      3.07%     87.46% |        7211      3.18%     90.64% |        7052      3.11%     93.74% |        7131      3.14%     96.89% |        7065      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total       226896                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     11.11%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           1     11.11%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           1     11.11%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     11.11%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1     11.11%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1     11.11%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     11.11%     77.78% |           1     11.11%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1     11.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      1.52%      1.52% |           2      3.03%      4.55% |          11     16.67%     21.21% |           1      1.52%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           3      4.55%     27.27% |           3      4.55%     31.82% |           3      4.55%     36.36% |           2      3.03%     39.39% |           3      4.55%     43.94% |          18     27.27%     71.21% |           1      1.52%     72.73% |           2      3.03%     75.76% |           2      3.03%     78.79% |           3      4.55%     83.33% |           2      3.03%     86.36% |           2      3.03%     89.39% |           1      1.52%     90.91% |           1      1.52%     92.42% |           1      1.52%     93.94% |           1      1.52%     95.45% |           1      1.52%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           1      1.52%     98.48% |           1      1.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           66                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         467      3.27%      3.27% |         431      3.02%      6.30% |         423      2.97%      9.26% |         429      3.01%     12.27% |         441      3.09%     15.36% |         439      3.08%     18.44% |         438      3.07%     21.51% |         442      3.10%     24.61% |         445      3.12%     27.73% |         453      3.18%     30.91% |         450      3.16%     34.06% |         455      3.19%     37.26% |         473      3.32%     40.57% |         472      3.31%     43.88% |         475      3.33%     47.21% |         460      3.23%     50.44% |         463      3.25%     53.68% |         453      3.18%     56.86% |         448      3.14%     60.00% |         424      2.97%     62.98% |         417      2.92%     65.90% |         437      3.06%     68.96% |         427      2.99%     71.96% |         426      2.99%     74.95% |         458      3.21%     78.16% |         459      3.22%     81.38% |         468      3.28%     84.66% |         439      3.08%     87.74% |         437      3.06%     90.80% |         437      3.06%     93.86% |         447      3.13%     97.00% |         428      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        14261                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      4.65%      4.65% |           7      8.14%     12.79% |           5      5.81%     18.60% |           4      4.65%     23.26% |           1      1.16%     24.42% |           7      8.14%     32.56% |           2      2.33%     34.88% |           1      1.16%     36.05% |           1      1.16%     37.21% |           2      2.33%     39.53% |           2      2.33%     41.86% |           1      1.16%     43.02% |           4      4.65%     47.67% |           1      1.16%     48.84% |           4      4.65%     53.49% |           0      0.00%     53.49% |           1      1.16%     54.65% |           2      2.33%     56.98% |          13     15.12%     72.09% |           4      4.65%     76.74% |           2      2.33%     79.07% |           1      1.16%     80.23% |           2      2.33%     82.56% |           2      2.33%     84.88% |           4      4.65%     89.53% |           1      1.16%     90.70% |           2      2.33%     93.02% |           0      0.00%     93.02% |           3      3.49%     96.51% |           2      2.33%     98.84% |           1      1.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           86                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       29076     21.39%     21.39% |        4179      3.07%     24.46% |        3101      2.28%     26.74% |        3925      2.89%     29.63% |        3266      2.40%     32.03% |        3004      2.21%     34.24% |        2785      2.05%     36.29% |        2800      2.06%     38.35% |        2844      2.09%     40.44% |        3397      2.50%     42.94% |        5158      3.79%     46.74% |        4984      3.67%     50.40% |        3634      2.67%     53.08% |        3340      2.46%     55.53% |        2527      1.86%     57.39% |        2893      2.13%     59.52% |        3722      2.74%     62.26% |        3296      2.42%     64.68% |        3449      2.54%     67.22% |        3411      2.51%     69.73% |        3255      2.39%     72.12% |        4636      3.41%     75.53% |        3101      2.28%     77.81% |        2865      2.11%     79.92% |        3039      2.24%     82.16% |        3543      2.61%     84.76% |        3082      2.27%     87.03% |        2696      1.98%     89.01% |        3024      2.22%     91.24% |        2782      2.05%     93.28% |        3331      2.45%     95.73% |        5800      4.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       135945                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        3517      6.33%      6.33% |        1855      3.34%      9.66% |        1544      2.78%     12.44% |        1723      3.10%     15.54% |        1640      2.95%     18.49% |        1534      2.76%     21.25% |        1376      2.48%     23.73% |        1416      2.55%     26.27% |        1553      2.79%     29.07% |        1525      2.74%     31.81% |        1512      2.72%     34.53% |        2036      3.66%     38.19% |        1460      2.63%     40.82% |        1380      2.48%     43.30% |        1354      2.44%     45.74% |        1443      2.60%     48.34% |        1524      2.74%     51.08% |        1483      2.67%     53.74% |        1655      2.98%     56.72% |        1730      3.11%     59.83% |        1538      2.77%     62.60% |        2585      4.65%     67.25% |        1604      2.89%     70.14% |        1563      2.81%     72.95% |        1822      3.28%     76.23% |        1681      3.02%     79.25% |        1702      3.06%     82.31% |        2091      3.76%     86.07% |        1627      2.93%     89.00% |        1707      3.07%     92.07% |        2273      4.09%     96.16% |        2134      3.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total        55587                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        7839      3.67%      3.67% |        6599      3.09%      6.77% |        6641      3.11%      9.88% |        6608      3.10%     12.98% |        6614      3.10%     16.08% |        6603      3.09%     19.17% |        6598      3.09%     22.26% |        6602      3.09%     25.36% |        6665      3.12%     28.48% |        6636      3.11%     31.59% |        6638      3.11%     34.71% |        6630      3.11%     37.81% |        6658      3.12%     40.93% |        6651      3.12%     44.05% |        6638      3.11%     47.16% |        6621      3.10%     50.27% |        6693      3.14%     53.40% |        6654      3.12%     56.52% |        6662      3.12%     59.64% |        6644      3.11%     62.76% |        6668      3.13%     65.88% |        6667      3.12%     69.01% |        6639      3.11%     72.12% |        6606      3.10%     75.22% |        6652      3.12%     78.33% |        6622      3.10%     81.44% |        6602      3.09%     84.53% |        6585      3.09%     87.62% |        6623      3.10%     90.72% |        6589      3.09%     93.81% |        6607      3.10%     96.91% |        6595      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       213349                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        1280      3.46%      3.46% |        1213      3.28%      6.73% |        1248      3.37%     10.11% |        1192      3.22%     13.33% |        1178      3.18%     16.51% |        1168      3.16%     19.66% |        1175      3.17%     22.84% |        1157      3.13%     25.96% |        1165      3.15%     29.11% |        1196      3.23%     32.34% |        1186      3.20%     35.54% |        1138      3.07%     38.62% |        1165      3.15%     41.76% |        1161      3.14%     44.90% |        1170      3.16%     48.06% |        1127      3.04%     51.10% |        1139      3.08%     54.18% |        1136      3.07%     57.25% |        1132      3.06%     60.31% |        1142      3.08%     63.39% |        1150      3.11%     66.50% |        1134      3.06%     69.56% |        1136      3.07%     72.63% |        1126      3.04%     75.67% |        1135      3.07%     78.74% |        1151      3.11%     81.85% |        1133      3.06%     84.91% |        1118      3.02%     87.93% |        1139      3.08%     91.00% |        1118      3.02%     94.02% |        1106      2.99%     97.01% |        1106      2.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total        37020                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          36      4.63%      4.63% |          26      3.35%      7.98% |          24      3.09%     11.07% |          24      3.09%     14.16% |          24      3.09%     17.25% |          24      3.09%     20.33% |          24      3.09%     23.42% |          24      3.09%     26.51% |          24      3.09%     29.60% |          24      3.09%     32.69% |          23      2.96%     35.65% |          23      2.96%     38.61% |          23      2.96%     41.57% |          23      2.96%     44.53% |          23      2.96%     47.49% |          23      2.96%     50.45% |          23      2.96%     53.41% |          24      3.09%     56.50% |          24      3.09%     59.59% |          24      3.09%     62.68% |          24      3.09%     65.77% |          25      3.22%     68.98% |          24      3.09%     72.07% |          23      2.96%     75.03% |          24      3.09%     78.12% |          25      3.22%     81.34% |          25      3.22%     84.56% |          23      2.96%     87.52% |          23      2.96%     90.48% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          777                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        7465      3.16%      3.16% |        7359      3.11%      6.27% |        7340      3.10%      9.37% |        7418      3.14%     12.51% |        7494      3.17%     15.68% |        7384      3.12%     18.80% |        7378      3.12%     21.92% |        7419      3.14%     25.05% |        7561      3.20%     28.25% |        7267      3.07%     31.32% |        7365      3.11%     34.44% |        7282      3.08%     37.52% |        7572      3.20%     40.72% |        7344      3.11%     43.82% |        7351      3.11%     46.93% |        7336      3.10%     50.03% |        7542      3.19%     53.22% |        7433      3.14%     56.36% |        7274      3.08%     59.44% |        7343      3.10%     62.54% |        7458      3.15%     65.70% |        7365      3.11%     68.81% |        7340      3.10%     71.91% |        7247      3.06%     74.98% |        7465      3.16%     78.13% |        7326      3.10%     81.23% |        7390      3.12%     84.36% |        7250      3.07%     87.42% |        7546      3.19%     90.61% |        7368      3.12%     93.73% |        7424      3.14%     96.87% |        7412      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total       236518                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |        9298      3.17%      3.17% |        9096      3.10%      6.27% |        9162      3.12%      9.40% |        9128      3.11%     12.51% |        9279      3.16%     15.67% |        9063      3.09%     18.77% |        9116      3.11%     21.87% |        9103      3.10%     24.98% |        9247      3.15%     28.13% |        9149      3.12%     31.25% |        9113      3.11%     34.36% |        9172      3.13%     37.49% |        9249      3.15%     40.64% |        9140      3.12%     43.76% |        9091      3.10%     46.86% |        9132      3.11%     49.97% |        9261      3.16%     53.13% |        9098      3.10%     56.23% |        9158      3.12%     59.36% |        9124      3.11%     62.47% |        9300      3.17%     65.64% |        9126      3.11%     68.75% |        9149      3.12%     71.87% |        9160      3.12%     75.00% |        9285      3.17%     78.16% |        9158      3.12%     81.29% |        9117      3.11%     84.40% |        9130      3.11%     87.51% |        9206      3.14%     90.65% |        9170      3.13%     93.78% |        9123      3.11%     96.89% |        9130      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total       293233                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       42292      9.19%      9.19% |       14421      3.13%     12.33% |       13107      2.85%     15.17% |       14019      3.05%     18.22% |       13267      2.88%     21.10% |       12882      2.80%     23.90% |       12505      2.72%     26.62% |       12543      2.73%     29.35% |       12795      2.78%     32.13% |       13322      2.90%     35.02% |       15061      3.27%     38.30% |       15357      3.34%     41.64% |       13489      2.93%     44.57% |       13101      2.85%     47.41% |       12260      2.66%     50.08% |       12651      2.75%     52.83% |       13645      2.97%     55.79% |       13137      2.86%     58.65% |       13478      2.93%     61.58% |       13495      2.93%     64.51% |       13175      2.86%     67.37% |       15584      3.39%     70.76% |       13047      2.84%     73.60% |       12729      2.77%     76.36% |       13219      2.87%     79.24% |       13566      2.95%     82.19% |       13088      2.84%     85.03% |       13054      2.84%     87.87% |       12979      2.82%     90.69% |       12762      2.77%     93.46% |       13882      3.02%     96.48% |       16203      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total       460115                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |          30      5.06%      5.06% |          23      3.88%      8.94% |          19      3.20%     12.14% |          12      2.02%     14.17% |          30      5.06%     19.22% |          16      2.70%     21.92% |          14      2.36%     24.28% |          13      2.19%     26.48% |          23      3.88%     30.35% |          14      2.36%     32.72% |          18      3.04%     35.75% |          18      3.04%     38.79% |          24      4.05%     42.83% |          13      2.19%     45.03% |          12      2.02%     47.05% |          16      2.70%     49.75% |          35      5.90%     55.65% |          11      1.85%     57.50% |          12      2.02%     59.53% |          19      3.20%     62.73% |          20      3.37%     66.10% |          15      2.53%     68.63% |          16      2.70%     71.33% |          13      2.19%     73.52% |          28      4.72%     78.25% |          14      2.36%     80.61% |          18      3.04%     83.64% |          16      2.70%     86.34% |          28      4.72%     91.06% |          18      3.04%     94.10% |          16      2.70%     96.80% |          19      3.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          593                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |         209      3.13%      3.13% |         233      3.49%      6.63% |         220      3.30%      9.93% |         229      3.43%     13.36% |         188      2.82%     16.18% |         228      3.42%     19.60% |         223      3.34%     22.94% |         224      3.36%     26.30% |         169      2.53%     28.83% |         214      3.21%     32.04% |         223      3.34%     35.39% |         216      3.24%     38.63% |         170      2.55%     41.18% |         205      3.07%     44.25% |         212      3.18%     47.43% |         206      3.09%     50.52% |         147      2.20%     52.72% |         193      2.89%     55.62% |         197      2.95%     58.57% |         206      3.09%     61.66% |         178      2.67%     64.33% |         223      3.34%     67.67% |         214      3.21%     70.88% |         220      3.30%     74.18% |         172      2.58%     76.76% |         225      3.37%     80.13% |         228      3.42%     83.55% |         232      3.48%     87.03% |         188      2.82%     89.85% |         224      3.36%     93.21% |         223      3.34%     96.55% |         230      3.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         6669                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     28.57%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           2     28.57%     57.14% |           1     14.29%     71.43% |           2     28.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           1     11.11%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           1     11.11%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           1     11.11%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           6     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           1     12.50%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     12.50%     37.50% |           1     12.50%     50.00% |           1     12.50%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           1     12.50%     75.00% |           1     12.50%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |        9918      3.64%      3.64% |        8526      3.13%      6.76% |        8586      3.15%      9.91% |        8495      3.11%     13.02% |        8475      3.11%     16.13% |        8481      3.11%     19.24% |        8475      3.11%     22.35% |        8465      3.10%     25.45% |        8493      3.11%     28.56% |        8540      3.13%     31.69% |        8556      3.14%     34.83% |        8481      3.11%     37.94% |        8515      3.12%     41.06% |        8527      3.13%     44.19% |        8533      3.13%     47.31% |        8455      3.10%     50.41% |        8502      3.12%     53.53% |        8472      3.11%     56.64% |        8476      3.11%     59.74% |        8460      3.10%     62.84% |        8458      3.10%     65.94% |        8502      3.12%     69.06% |        8456      3.10%     72.16% |        8414      3.08%     75.25% |        8469      3.10%     78.35% |        8496      3.11%     81.46% |        8474      3.11%     84.57% |        8413      3.08%     87.65% |        8439      3.09%     90.75% |        8410      3.08%     93.83% |        8424      3.09%     96.92% |        8403      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       272789                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          36      4.63%      4.63% |          26      3.35%      7.98% |          24      3.09%     11.07% |          24      3.09%     14.16% |          24      3.09%     17.25% |          24      3.09%     20.33% |          24      3.09%     23.42% |          24      3.09%     26.51% |          24      3.09%     29.60% |          24      3.09%     32.69% |          23      2.96%     35.65% |          23      2.96%     38.61% |          23      2.96%     41.57% |          23      2.96%     44.53% |          23      2.96%     47.49% |          23      2.96%     50.45% |          23      2.96%     53.41% |          24      3.09%     56.50% |          24      3.09%     59.59% |          24      3.09%     62.68% |          24      3.09%     65.77% |          25      3.22%     68.98% |          24      3.09%     72.07% |          23      2.96%     75.03% |          24      3.09%     78.12% |          25      3.22%     81.34% |          25      3.22%     84.56% |          23      2.96%     87.52% |          23      2.96%     90.48% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          777                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           2      4.65%      4.65% |           1      2.33%      6.98% |           2      4.65%     11.63% |           0      0.00%     11.63% |           3      6.98%     18.60% |           0      0.00%     18.60% |           2      4.65%     23.26% |           2      4.65%     27.91% |           3      6.98%     34.88% |           0      0.00%     34.88% |           1      2.33%     37.21% |           3      6.98%     44.19% |           1      2.33%     46.51% |           2      4.65%     51.16% |           0      0.00%     51.16% |           3      6.98%     58.14% |           2      4.65%     62.79% |           1      2.33%     65.12% |           0      0.00%     65.12% |           2      4.65%     69.77% |           1      2.33%     72.09% |           0      0.00%     72.09% |           2      4.65%     76.74% |           0      0.00%     76.74% |           3      6.98%     83.72% |           1      2.33%     86.05% |           1      2.33%     88.37% |           0      0.00%     88.37% |           1      2.33%     90.70% |           2      4.65%     95.35% |           1      2.33%     97.67% |           1      2.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total           43                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          82     13.53%     13.53% |          21      3.47%     17.00% |          17      2.81%     19.80% |          12      1.98%     21.78% |          28      4.62%     26.40% |          11      1.82%     28.22% |          14      2.31%     30.53% |          13      2.15%     32.67% |          21      3.47%     36.14% |          12      1.98%     38.12% |          17      2.81%     40.92% |          16      2.64%     43.56% |          23      3.80%     47.36% |          12      1.98%     49.34% |          11      1.82%     51.16% |          15      2.48%     53.63% |          34      5.61%     59.24% |          11      1.82%     61.06% |          11      1.82%     62.87% |          18      2.97%     65.84% |          19      3.14%     68.98% |          11      1.82%     70.79% |          15      2.48%     73.27% |          12      1.98%     75.25% |          27      4.46%     79.70% |          13      2.15%     81.85% |          15      2.48%     84.32% |          16      2.64%     86.96% |          28      4.62%     91.58% |          18      2.97%     94.55% |          16      2.64%     97.19% |          17      2.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          606                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           4      9.30%      9.30% |           2      4.65%     13.95% |           2      4.65%     18.60% |           0      0.00%     18.60% |           2      4.65%     23.26% |           5     11.63%     34.88% |           0      0.00%     34.88% |           0      0.00%     34.88% |           2      4.65%     39.53% |           2      4.65%     44.19% |           1      2.33%     46.51% |           2      4.65%     51.16% |           1      2.33%     53.49% |           1      2.33%     55.81% |           1      2.33%     58.14% |           1      2.33%     60.47% |           1      2.33%     62.79% |           0      0.00%     62.79% |           1      2.33%     65.12% |           1      2.33%     67.44% |           1      2.33%     69.77% |           4      9.30%     79.07% |           1      2.33%     81.40% |           1      2.33%     83.72% |           1      2.33%     86.05% |           1      2.33%     88.37% |           3      6.98%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           2      4.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           43                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           5     83.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           4      4.30%      4.30% |           6      6.45%     10.75% |           4      4.30%     15.05% |           3      3.23%     18.28% |           3      3.23%     21.51% |           2      2.15%     23.66% |           4      4.30%     27.96% |           2      2.15%     30.11% |           2      2.15%     32.26% |           1      1.08%     33.33% |           5      5.38%     38.71% |           4      4.30%     43.01% |           2      2.15%     45.16% |           0      0.00%     45.16% |           4      4.30%     49.46% |           2      2.15%     51.61% |           2      2.15%     53.76% |           2      2.15%     55.91% |           2      2.15%     58.06% |           2      2.15%     60.22% |           4      4.30%     64.52% |           2      2.15%     66.67% |           3      3.23%     69.89% |           1      1.08%     70.97% |           4      4.30%     75.27% |           4      4.30%     79.57% |           5      5.38%     84.95% |           3      3.23%     88.17% |           5      5.38%     93.55% |           2      2.15%     95.70% |           2      2.15%     97.85% |           2      2.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total           93                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |         153      2.87%      2.87% |         194      3.64%      6.52% |         179      3.36%      9.88% |         195      3.66%     13.54% |         151      2.84%     16.37% |         188      3.53%     19.90% |         183      3.44%     23.34% |         188      3.53%     26.87% |         133      2.50%     29.37% |         180      3.38%     32.75% |         183      3.44%     36.18% |         177      3.32%     39.50% |         131      2.46%     41.96% |         164      3.08%     45.04% |         169      3.17%     48.22% |         167      3.14%     51.35% |         106      1.99%     53.34% |         152      2.85%     56.20% |         154      2.89%     59.09% |         163      3.06%     62.15% |         131      2.46%     64.61% |         173      3.25%     67.86% |         172      3.23%     71.09% |         181      3.40%     74.48% |         128      2.40%     76.89% |         182      3.42%     80.30% |         186      3.49%     83.80% |         190      3.57%     87.36% |         144      2.70%     90.07% |         177      3.32%     93.39% |         176      3.30%     96.70% |         176      3.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total         5326                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |           1      3.03%      3.03% |           0      0.00%      3.03% |           1      3.03%      6.06% |           0      0.00%      6.06% |           2      6.06%     12.12% |           0      0.00%     12.12% |           2      6.06%     18.18% |           2      6.06%     24.24% |           2      6.06%     30.30% |           0      0.00%     30.30% |           2      6.06%     36.36% |           1      3.03%     39.39% |           2      6.06%     45.45% |           0      0.00%     45.45% |           2      6.06%     51.52% |           0      0.00%     51.52% |           1      3.03%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           2      6.06%     60.61% |           0      0.00%     60.61% |           1      3.03%     63.64% |           1      3.03%     66.67% |           2      6.06%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           3      9.09%     81.82% |           1      3.03%     84.85% |           2      6.06%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           2      6.06%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           1      3.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total           33                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          55      4.20%      4.20% |          39      2.98%      7.18% |          40      3.06%     10.24% |          34      2.60%     12.83% |          35      2.67%     15.51% |          40      3.06%     18.56% |          38      2.90%     21.47% |          34      2.60%     24.06% |          34      2.60%     26.66% |          34      2.60%     29.26% |          38      2.90%     32.16% |          38      2.90%     35.06% |          37      2.83%     37.89% |          41      3.13%     41.02% |          41      3.13%     44.16% |          39      2.98%     47.14% |          40      3.06%     50.19% |          41      3.13%     53.32% |          41      3.13%     56.46% |          43      3.28%     59.74% |          46      3.51%     63.25% |          49      3.74%     67.00% |          40      3.06%     70.05% |          39      2.98%     73.03% |          41      3.13%     76.17% |          42      3.21%     79.37% |          40      3.06%     82.43% |          42      3.21%     85.64% |          42      3.21%     88.85% |          46      3.51%     92.36% |          46      3.51%     95.87% |          54      4.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1309                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |        1297      3.12%      3.12% |        1304      3.14%      6.26% |        1102      2.65%      8.91% |        1325      3.19%     12.10% |        1330      3.20%     15.29% |        1328      3.19%     18.49% |        1338      3.22%     21.71% |        1336      3.21%     24.92% |        1334      3.21%     28.13% |        1339      3.22%     31.35% |        1022      2.46%     33.81% |        1326      3.19%     37.00% |        1316      3.17%     40.17% |        1324      3.18%     43.35% |        1335      3.21%     46.56% |        1322      3.18%     49.74% |        1326      3.19%     52.93% |        1322      3.18%     56.11% |        1311      3.15%     59.27% |        1300      3.13%     62.39% |        1292      3.11%     65.50% |        1294      3.11%     68.61% |        1311      3.15%     71.77% |        1303      3.13%     74.90% |        1313      3.16%     78.06% |        1304      3.14%     81.20% |        1315      3.16%     84.36% |        1293      3.11%     87.47% |        1302      3.13%     90.60% |        1295      3.12%     93.72% |        1306      3.14%     96.86% |        1305      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total        41570                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         467      3.27%      3.27% |         431      3.02%      6.30% |         423      2.97%      9.26% |         429      3.01%     12.27% |         441      3.09%     15.36% |         439      3.08%     18.44% |         438      3.07%     21.51% |         442      3.10%     24.61% |         445      3.12%     27.73% |         453      3.18%     30.91% |         450      3.16%     34.06% |         455      3.19%     37.26% |         473      3.32%     40.57% |         472      3.31%     43.88% |         475      3.33%     47.21% |         460      3.23%     50.44% |         463      3.25%     53.68% |         453      3.18%     56.86% |         448      3.14%     60.00% |         424      2.97%     62.98% |         417      2.92%     65.90% |         437      3.06%     68.96% |         427      2.99%     71.96% |         426      2.99%     74.95% |         458      3.21%     78.16% |         459      3.22%     81.38% |         468      3.28%     84.66% |         439      3.08%     87.74% |         437      3.06%     90.80% |         437      3.06%     93.86% |         447      3.13%     97.00% |         428      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        14261                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         237     40.93%     40.93% |           1      0.17%     41.11% |           0      0.00%     41.11% |           0      0.00%     41.11% |           2      0.35%     41.45% |           3      0.52%     41.97% |           2      0.35%     42.31% |           2      0.35%     42.66% |         316     54.58%     97.24% |           1      0.17%     97.41% |           2      0.35%     97.75% |           2      0.35%     98.10% |           2      0.35%     98.45% |           2      0.35%     98.79% |           2      0.35%     99.14% |           1      0.17%     99.31% |           1      0.17%     99.48% |           1      0.17%     99.65% |           1      0.17%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           1      0.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total          579                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      1.52%      1.52% |           2      3.03%      4.55% |          11     16.67%     21.21% |           1      1.52%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           3      4.55%     27.27% |           3      4.55%     31.82% |           3      4.55%     36.36% |           2      3.03%     39.39% |           3      4.55%     43.94% |          18     27.27%     71.21% |           1      1.52%     72.73% |           2      3.03%     75.76% |           2      3.03%     78.79% |           3      4.55%     83.33% |           2      3.03%     86.36% |           2      3.03%     89.39% |           1      1.52%     90.91% |           1      1.52%     92.42% |           1      1.52%     93.94% |           1      1.52%     95.45% |           1      1.52%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           1      1.52%     98.48% |           1      1.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           66                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |         262      3.15%      3.15% |         248      2.98%      6.13% |         256      3.08%      9.21% |         245      2.94%     12.15% |         263      3.16%     15.31% |         259      3.11%     18.42% |         258      3.10%     21.52% |         252      3.03%     24.55% |         237      2.85%     27.40% |         297      3.57%     30.97% |         243      2.92%     33.89% |         268      3.22%     37.11% |         264      3.17%     40.28% |         257      3.09%     43.37% |         250      3.00%     46.38% |         274      3.29%     49.67% |         275      3.30%     52.97% |         253      3.04%     56.01% |         301      3.62%     59.63% |         259      3.11%     62.74% |         259      3.11%     65.86% |         270      3.24%     69.10% |         248      2.98%     72.08% |         301      3.62%     75.70% |         270      3.24%     78.94% |         268      3.22%     82.17% |         266      3.20%     85.36% |         281      3.38%     88.74% |         246      2.96%     91.70% |         240      2.88%     94.58% |         227      2.73%     97.31% |         224      2.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total         8321                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |        5000      4.20%      4.20% |        3759      3.16%      7.35% |        3806      3.19%     10.55% |        3728      3.13%     13.68% |        3695      3.10%     16.78% |        3694      3.10%     19.88% |        3703      3.11%     22.98% |        3699      3.10%     26.09% |        3720      3.12%     29.21% |        3689      3.10%     32.31% |        3764      3.16%     35.47% |        3651      3.06%     38.53% |        3679      3.09%     41.62% |        3700      3.11%     44.72% |        3714      3.12%     47.84% |        3640      3.06%     50.90% |        3668      3.08%     53.98% |        3669      3.08%     57.06% |        3630      3.05%     60.10% |        3677      3.09%     63.19% |        3682      3.09%     66.28% |        3676      3.09%     69.36% |        3692      3.10%     72.46% |        3600      3.02%     75.48% |        3651      3.06%     78.55% |        3674      3.08%     81.63% |        3642      3.06%     84.69% |        3609      3.03%     87.72% |        3665      3.08%     90.79% |        3644      3.06%     93.85% |        3648      3.06%     96.91% |        3676      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       119144                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS |          32      2.95%      2.95% |          33      3.04%      6.00% |          28      2.58%      8.58% |          32      2.95%     11.53% |          37      3.41%     14.94% |          38      3.51%     18.45% |          40      3.69%     22.14% |          36      3.32%     25.46% |          38      3.51%     28.97% |          36      3.32%     32.29% |          25      2.31%     34.59% |          33      3.04%     37.64% |          36      3.32%     40.96% |          38      3.51%     44.46% |          38      3.51%     47.97% |          34      3.14%     51.11% |          34      3.14%     54.24% |          33      3.04%     57.29% |          31      2.86%     60.15% |          33      3.04%     63.19% |          33      3.04%     66.24% |          35      3.23%     69.46% |          34      3.14%     72.60% |          34      3.14%     75.74% |          31      2.86%     78.60% |          34      3.14%     81.73% |          30      2.77%     84.50% |          32      2.95%     87.45% |          33      3.04%     90.50% |          37      3.41%     93.91% |          33      3.04%     96.96% |          33      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS::total         1084                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         671      3.23%      3.23% |         620      2.99%      6.22% |         632      3.05%      9.27% |         616      2.97%     12.24% |         645      3.11%     15.35% |         638      3.08%     18.42% |         637      3.07%     21.50% |         635      3.06%     24.56% |         623      3.00%     27.56% |         693      3.34%     30.90% |         647      3.12%     34.02% |         663      3.20%     37.22% |         677      3.26%     40.48% |         669      3.23%     43.70% |         667      3.22%     46.92% |         676      3.26%     50.18% |         680      3.28%     53.46% |         648      3.12%     56.58% |         689      3.32%     59.90% |         628      3.03%     62.93% |         620      2.99%     65.92% |         653      3.15%     69.07% |         616      2.97%     72.04% |         667      3.22%     75.25% |         667      3.22%     78.47% |         668      3.22%     81.69% |         675      3.25%     84.94% |         663      3.20%     88.14% |         629      3.03%     91.17% |         620      2.99%     94.16% |         618      2.98%     97.14% |         594      2.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        20744                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        5271      3.18%      3.18% |        5171      3.12%      6.30% |        5172      3.12%      9.42% |        5175      3.12%     12.55% |        5159      3.11%     15.66% |        5173      3.12%     18.79% |        5159      3.11%     21.90% |        5155      3.11%     25.01% |        5174      3.12%     28.13% |        5182      3.13%     31.26% |        5169      3.12%     34.38% |        5191      3.13%     37.52% |        5183      3.13%     40.64% |        5182      3.13%     43.77% |        5176      3.12%     46.90% |        5163      3.12%     50.01% |        5178      3.13%     53.14% |        5179      3.13%     56.26% |        5181      3.13%     59.39% |        5179      3.13%     62.52% |        5180      3.13%     65.64% |        5197      3.14%     68.78% |        5172      3.12%     71.90% |        5171      3.12%     75.02% |        5175      3.12%     78.15% |        5178      3.13%     81.27% |        5181      3.13%     84.40% |        5164      3.12%     87.52% |        5169      3.12%     90.64% |        5170      3.12%     93.76% |        5182      3.13%     96.89% |        5157      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       165668                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS |          77      3.25%      3.25% |          74      3.13%      6.38% |          80      3.38%      9.76% |          87      3.68%     13.44% |          73      3.09%     16.53% |          63      2.66%     19.19% |          64      2.70%     21.89% |          81      3.42%     25.32% |          75      3.17%     28.49% |          70      2.96%     31.45% |          68      2.87%     34.32% |          59      2.49%     36.81% |          74      3.13%     39.94% |          75      3.17%     43.11% |          76      3.21%     46.32% |          75      3.17%     49.49% |          65      2.75%     52.24% |          73      3.09%     55.33% |          70      2.96%     58.28% |          78      3.30%     61.58% |          79      3.34%     64.92% |          89      3.76%     68.68% |          71      3.00%     71.68% |          74      3.13%     74.81% |          76      3.21%     78.02% |          68      2.87%     80.90% |          71      3.00%     83.90% |          78      3.30%     87.19% |          75      3.17%     90.36% |          90      3.80%     94.17% |          71      3.00%     97.17% |          67      2.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS::total         2366                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX |         159      3.08%      3.08% |         130      2.52%      5.60% |         167      3.24%      8.84% |         169      3.28%     12.12% |         166      3.22%     15.34% |         159      3.08%     18.42% |         148      2.87%     21.29% |         145      2.81%     24.10% |         177      3.43%     27.53% |         153      2.97%     30.50% |         129      2.50%     33.00% |         184      3.57%     36.56% |         165      3.20%     39.76% |         165      3.20%     42.96% |         168      3.26%     46.22% |         164      3.18%     49.40% |         169      3.28%     52.68% |         160      3.10%     55.78% |         170      3.30%     59.07% |         152      2.95%     62.02% |         173      3.35%     65.37% |         171      3.32%     68.69% |         133      2.58%     71.27% |         155      3.01%     74.27% |         174      3.37%     77.65% |         173      3.35%     81.00% |         186      3.61%     84.61% |         165      3.20%     87.81% |         170      3.30%     91.10% |         165      3.20%     94.30% |         150      2.91%     97.21% |         144      2.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX::total         5158                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE |         236      2.77%      2.77% |         247      2.90%      5.67% |         292      3.43%      9.10% |         255      3.00%     12.10% |         265      3.11%     15.21% |         243      2.85%     18.06% |         255      3.00%     21.06% |         257      3.02%     24.08% |         284      3.34%     27.41% |         257      3.02%     30.43% |         261      3.07%     33.50% |         281      3.30%     36.80% |         273      3.21%     40.00% |         264      3.10%     43.11% |         263      3.09%     46.19% |         232      2.72%     48.92% |         257      3.02%     51.94% |         234      2.75%     54.69% |         247      2.90%     57.59% |         236      2.77%     60.36% |         337      3.96%     64.32% |         287      3.37%     67.69% |         303      3.56%     71.25% |         298      3.50%     74.75% |         280      3.29%     78.04% |         305      3.58%     81.62% |         283      3.32%     84.94% |         276      3.24%     88.18% |         230      2.70%     90.89% |         259      3.04%     93.93% |         277      3.25%     97.18% |         240      2.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE::total         8514                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |        7671      3.16%      3.16% |        7552      3.11%      6.27% |        7541      3.10%      9.37% |        7606      3.13%     12.50% |        7698      3.17%     15.67% |        7586      3.12%     18.79% |        7575      3.12%     21.91% |        7609      3.13%     25.04% |        7737      3.18%     28.22% |        7505      3.09%     31.31% |        7546      3.11%     34.42% |        7490      3.08%     37.50% |        7778      3.20%     40.70% |        7540      3.10%     43.80% |        7543      3.10%     46.91% |        7549      3.11%     50.01% |        7757      3.19%     53.21% |        7627      3.14%     56.35% |        7526      3.10%     59.44% |        7546      3.11%     62.55% |        7659      3.15%     65.70% |        7577      3.12%     68.82% |        7530      3.10%     71.92% |        7490      3.08%     75.00% |        7678      3.16%     78.16% |        7536      3.10%     81.26% |        7599      3.13%     84.39% |        7473      3.08%     87.46% |        7737      3.18%     90.65% |        7550      3.11%     93.76% |        7593      3.12%     96.88% |        7578      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       242982                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |         184      2.46%      2.46% |         209      2.80%      5.26% |         249      3.33%      8.59% |         242      3.24%     11.83% |         248      3.32%     15.15% |         204      2.73%     17.88% |         226      3.02%     20.90% |         223      2.98%     23.88% |         232      3.10%     26.99% |         235      3.14%     30.13% |         240      3.21%     33.34% |         243      3.25%     36.59% |         244      3.26%     39.86% |         251      3.36%     43.22% |         234      3.13%     46.35% |         220      2.94%     49.29% |         219      2.93%     52.22% |         215      2.88%     55.10% |         216      2.89%     57.99% |         237      3.17%     61.16% |         254      3.40%     64.56% |         258      3.45%     68.01% |         262      3.51%     71.51% |         237      3.17%     74.69% |         241      3.22%     77.91% |         242      3.24%     81.15% |         239      3.20%     84.35% |         267      3.57%     87.92% |         209      2.80%     90.71% |         243      3.25%     93.97% |         212      2.84%     96.80% |         239      3.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total         7474                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX |         142      3.04%      3.04% |         122      2.61%      5.66% |         147      3.15%      8.81% |         158      3.39%     12.19% |         148      3.17%     15.37% |         133      2.85%     18.22% |         129      2.76%     20.98% |         148      3.17%     24.15% |         162      3.47%     27.63% |         145      3.11%     30.73% |         130      2.79%     33.52% |         147      3.15%     36.67% |         150      3.21%     39.88% |         164      3.51%     43.40% |         131      2.81%     46.21% |         146      3.13%     49.34% |         135      2.89%     52.23% |         135      2.89%     55.12% |         137      2.94%     58.06% |         119      2.55%     60.61% |         169      3.62%     64.23% |         153      3.28%     67.51% |         168      3.60%     71.11% |         166      3.56%     74.67% |         152      3.26%     77.93% |         146      3.13%     81.05% |         163      3.49%     84.55% |         164      3.51%     88.06% |         129      2.76%     90.83% |         146      3.13%     93.96% |         138      2.96%     96.91% |         144      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX::total         4666                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       52162      6.78%      6.78% |       24060      3.13%      9.90% |       22785      2.96%     12.87% |       23679      3.08%     15.94% |       23039      2.99%     18.94% |       22468      2.92%     21.86% |       22139      2.88%     24.73% |       22173      2.88%     27.61% |       22538      2.93%     30.54% |       22942      2.98%     33.52% |       24716      3.21%     36.73% |       25034      3.25%     39.99% |       23205      3.02%     43.00% |       22742      2.96%     45.96% |       21862      2.84%     48.80% |       22271      2.89%     51.69% |       23353      3.03%     54.73% |       22725      2.95%     57.68% |       23073      3.00%     60.68% |       23121      3.00%     63.68% |       22955      2.98%     66.67% |       25220      3.28%     69.94% |       22718      2.95%     72.89% |       22359      2.91%     75.80% |       22972      2.99%     78.78% |       23234      3.02%     81.80% |       22724      2.95%     84.76% |       22690      2.95%     87.71% |       22691      2.95%     90.65% |       22473      2.92%     93.57% |       23557      3.06%     96.63% |       25897      3.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       769577                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |          75      2.75%      2.75% |          63      2.31%      5.06% |         111      4.07%      9.13% |          88      3.23%     12.35% |          83      3.04%     15.40% |          75      2.75%     18.15% |          85      3.12%     21.26% |          72      2.64%     23.90% |          93      3.41%     27.31% |          78      2.86%     30.17% |          85      3.12%     33.28% |          97      3.56%     36.84% |          92      3.37%     40.21% |          72      2.64%     42.85% |          87      3.19%     46.04% |          82      3.01%     49.05% |          74      2.71%     51.76% |          86      3.15%     54.91% |          80      2.93%     57.84% |          81      2.97%     60.81% |         116      4.25%     65.07% |          92      3.37%     68.44% |         103      3.78%     72.21% |          87      3.19%     75.40% |          84      3.08%     78.48% |          92      3.37%     81.85% |          89      3.26%     85.12% |          91      3.34%     88.45% |          78      2.86%     91.31% |          99      3.63%     94.94% |          73      2.68%     97.62% |          65      2.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total         2728                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX |          50      3.29%      3.29% |          56      3.69%      6.98% |          44      2.90%      9.87% |          51      3.36%     13.23% |          38      2.50%     15.73% |          45      2.96%     18.70% |          42      2.76%     21.46% |          42      2.76%     24.23% |          54      3.55%     27.78% |          45      2.96%     30.74% |          48      3.16%     33.90% |          46      3.03%     36.93% |          41      2.70%     39.63% |          41      2.70%     42.33% |          52      3.42%     45.75% |          49      3.23%     48.98% |          46      3.03%     52.01% |          41      2.70%     54.71% |          35      2.30%     57.01% |          43      2.83%     59.84% |          58      3.82%     63.66% |          48      3.16%     66.82% |          44      2.90%     69.72% |          57      3.75%     73.47% |          60      3.95%     77.42% |          54      3.55%     80.97% |          50      3.29%     84.27% |          40      2.63%     86.90% |          59      3.88%     90.78% |          56      3.69%     94.47% |          40      2.63%     97.10% |          44      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX::total         1519                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_UPGRADE |          42      2.87%      2.87% |          42      2.87%      5.73% |          41      2.80%      8.53% |          50      3.41%     11.95% |          54      3.69%     15.63% |          43      2.94%     18.57% |          47      3.21%     21.77% |          55      3.75%     25.53% |          52      3.55%     29.08% |          43      2.94%     32.01% |          43      2.94%     34.95% |          42      2.87%     37.82% |          57      3.89%     41.71% |          48      3.28%     44.98% |          41      2.80%     47.78% |          51      3.48%     51.26% |          47      3.21%     54.47% |          46      3.14%     57.61% |          35      2.39%     60.00% |          38      2.59%     62.59% |          45      3.07%     65.67% |          55      3.75%     69.42% |          55      3.75%     73.17% |          47      3.21%     76.38% |          42      2.87%     79.25% |          50      3.41%     82.66% |          49      3.34%     86.01% |          42      2.87%     88.87% |          37      2.53%     91.40% |          43      2.94%     94.33% |          45      3.07%     97.41% |          38      2.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_UPGRADE::total         1465                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     11.11%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           1     11.11%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           1     11.11%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     11.11%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1     11.11%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1     11.11%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     11.11%     77.78% |           1     11.11%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1     11.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |        6182      3.26%      3.26% |        6010      3.17%      6.43% |        6001      3.16%      9.59% |        6006      3.17%     12.76% |        6088      3.21%     15.97% |        6041      3.19%     19.15% |        6024      3.18%     22.33% |        6021      3.17%     25.50% |        5948      3.14%     28.64% |        5800      3.06%     31.70% |        5849      3.08%     34.78% |        5800      3.06%     37.84% |        6158      3.25%     41.09% |        5891      3.11%     44.19% |        5808      3.06%     47.26% |        5912      3.12%     50.37% |        6161      3.25%     53.62% |        5978      3.15%     56.77% |        5918      3.12%     59.89% |        5854      3.09%     62.98% |        5800      3.06%     66.04% |        5858      3.09%     69.13% |        5781      3.05%     72.18% |        5589      2.95%     75.12% |        5822      3.07%     78.19% |        5853      3.09%     81.28% |        5827      3.07%     84.35% |        5626      2.97%     87.32% |        6075      3.20%     90.52% |        5949      3.14%     93.66% |        6019      3.17%     96.83% |        6013      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total       189662                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |         895      3.25%      3.25% |         893      3.24%      6.50% |         879      3.19%      9.69% |         869      3.16%     12.85% |         869      3.16%     16.00% |         862      3.13%     19.13% |         878      3.19%     22.32% |         878      3.19%     25.51% |         860      3.12%     28.64% |         837      3.04%     31.68% |         874      3.18%     34.85% |         847      3.08%     37.93% |         855      3.11%     41.04% |         847      3.08%     44.11% |         864      3.14%     47.25% |         843      3.06%     50.32% |         847      3.08%     53.39% |         874      3.18%     56.57% |         832      3.02%     59.59% |         854      3.10%     62.69% |         834      3.03%     65.72% |         846      3.07%     68.80% |         875      3.18%     71.98% |         805      2.92%     74.90% |         832      3.02%     77.92% |         845      3.07%     80.99% |         836      3.04%     84.03% |         820      2.98%     87.01% |         884      3.21%     90.22% |         888      3.23%     93.45% |         900      3.27%     96.72% |         904      3.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total        27526                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |         388      2.01%      2.01% |         456      2.36%      4.37% |         460      2.38%      6.75% |         543      2.81%      9.56% |         537      2.78%     12.33% |         481      2.49%     14.82% |         476      2.46%     17.28% |         520      2.69%     19.97% |         753      3.90%     23.87% |         630      3.26%     27.13% |         642      3.32%     30.45% |         635      3.29%     33.74% |         559      2.89%     36.63% |         606      3.14%     39.76% |         679      3.51%     43.27% |         581      3.01%     46.28% |         534      2.76%     49.04% |         581      3.01%     52.05% |         524      2.71%     54.76% |         635      3.29%     58.04% |         824      4.26%     62.31% |         661      3.42%     65.73% |         684      3.54%     69.27% |         853      4.41%     73.68% |         811      4.20%     77.87% |         628      3.25%     81.12% |         727      3.76%     84.88% |         804      4.16%     89.04% |         587      3.04%     92.08% |         531      2.75%     94.83% |         505      2.61%     97.44% |         495      2.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total        19330                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETS |           2      8.33%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           1      4.17%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           1      4.17%     16.67% |           1      4.17%     20.83% |           1      4.17%     25.00% |           1      4.17%     29.17% |           1      4.17%     33.33% |           1      4.17%     37.50% |           2      8.33%     45.83% |           0      0.00%     45.83% |           3     12.50%     58.33% |           1      4.17%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           1      4.17%     66.67% |           1      4.17%     70.83% |           0      0.00%     70.83% |           2      8.33%     79.17% |           1      4.17%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2      8.33%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           1      4.17%     95.83% |           1      4.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETS::total           24                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      6.25%      6.25% |           1      6.25%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           1      6.25%     18.75% |           0      0.00%     18.75% |           1      6.25%     25.00% |           2     12.50%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           2     12.50%     56.25% |           0      0.00%     56.25% |           0      0.00%     56.25% |           1      6.25%     62.50% |           1      6.25%     68.75% |           0      0.00%     68.75% |           0      0.00%     68.75% |           1      6.25%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1      6.25%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           1      6.25%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETX::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_UPGRADE |           9      2.47%      2.47% |           9      2.47%      4.95% |           4      1.10%      6.04% |          10      2.75%      8.79% |          12      3.30%     12.09% |           8      2.20%     14.29% |           8      2.20%     16.48% |          10      2.75%     19.23% |          11      3.02%     22.25% |          15      4.12%     26.37% |          13      3.57%     29.95% |          19      5.22%     35.16% |           7      1.92%     37.09% |          14      3.85%     40.93% |          12      3.30%     44.23% |          14      3.85%     48.08% |           7      1.92%     50.00% |          10      2.75%     52.75% |           8      2.20%     54.95% |           9      2.47%     57.42% |           9      2.47%     59.89% |           7      1.92%     61.81% |          15      4.12%     65.93% |          18      4.95%     70.88% |          23      6.32%     77.20% |          13      3.57%     80.77% |          14      3.85%     84.62% |          15      4.12%     88.74% |           9      2.47%     91.21% |          12      3.30%     94.51% |           9      2.47%     96.98% |          11      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_UPGRADE::total          364                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |         361      2.07%      2.07% |         420      2.40%      4.47% |         419      2.40%      6.87% |         482      2.76%      9.63% |         489      2.80%     12.43% |         429      2.46%     14.88% |         430      2.46%     17.35% |         468      2.68%     20.03% |         673      3.85%     23.88% |         586      3.35%     27.23% |         580      3.32%     30.55% |         572      3.27%     33.83% |         498      2.85%     36.68% |         532      3.05%     39.72% |         617      3.53%     43.26% |         519      2.97%     46.23% |         476      2.72%     48.95% |         532      3.05%     52.00% |         479      2.74%     54.74% |         567      3.25%     57.99% |         737      4.22%     62.21% |         597      3.42%     65.62% |         629      3.60%     69.22% |         785      4.49%     73.72% |         734      4.20%     77.92% |         562      3.22%     81.14% |         653      3.74%     84.88% |         733      4.20%     89.07% |         536      3.07%     92.14% |         476      2.72%     94.86% |         451      2.58%     97.45% |         446      2.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total        17468                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |          27      1.45%      1.45% |          36      1.93%      3.38% |          41      2.20%      5.59% |          61      3.28%      8.86% |          48      2.58%     11.44% |          52      2.79%     14.23% |          46      2.47%     16.70% |          52      2.79%     19.50% |          80      4.30%     23.79% |          44      2.36%     26.15% |          62      3.33%     29.48% |          63      3.38%     32.87% |          61      3.28%     36.14% |          74      3.97%     40.12% |          62      3.33%     43.45% |          62      3.33%     46.78% |          58      3.11%     49.89% |          49      2.63%     52.52% |          45      2.42%     54.94% |          68      3.65%     58.59% |          87      4.67%     63.27% |          64      3.44%     66.70% |          55      2.95%     69.66% |          68      3.65%     73.31% |          77      4.14%     77.44% |          66      3.54%     80.99% |          74      3.97%     84.96% |          71      3.81%     88.78% |          51      2.74%     91.51% |          55      2.95%     94.47% |          54      2.90%     97.37% |          49      2.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total         1862                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |          12      2.13%      2.13% |          20      3.55%      5.68% |          16      2.84%      8.53% |          14      2.49%     11.01% |          12      2.13%     13.14% |          17      3.02%     16.16% |          14      2.49%     18.65% |          14      2.49%     21.14% |          20      3.55%     24.69% |          22      3.91%     28.60% |          15      2.66%     31.26% |          17      3.02%     34.28% |          14      2.49%     36.77% |          20      3.55%     40.32% |          18      3.20%     43.52% |          12      2.13%     45.65% |          17      3.02%     48.67% |          15      2.66%     51.33% |          13      2.31%     53.64% |          26      4.62%     58.26% |          15      2.66%     60.92% |          21      3.73%     64.65% |          20      3.55%     68.21% |          20      3.55%     71.76% |          23      4.09%     75.84% |          21      3.73%     79.57% |          20      3.55%     83.13% |          15      2.66%     85.79% |          13      2.31%     88.10% |          18      3.20%     91.30% |          24      4.26%     95.56% |          25      4.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total          563                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETX |          19      3.12%      3.12% |          16      2.63%      5.76% |          15      2.47%      8.22% |          11      1.81%     10.03% |          19      3.12%     13.16% |          18      2.96%     16.12% |          20      3.29%     19.41% |          18      2.96%     22.37% |          20      3.29%     25.66% |          15      2.47%     28.12% |          27      4.44%     32.57% |          20      3.29%     35.86% |          15      2.47%     38.32% |          13      2.14%     40.46% |          26      4.28%     44.74% |          28      4.61%     49.34% |          18      2.96%     52.30% |          14      2.30%     54.61% |          15      2.47%     57.07% |          30      4.93%     62.01% |          27      4.44%     66.45% |          17      2.80%     69.24% |          22      3.62%     72.86% |          25      4.11%     76.97% |          16      2.63%     79.61% |          23      3.78%     83.39% |          17      2.80%     86.18% |          14      2.30%     88.49% |          20      3.29%     91.78% |          17      2.80%     94.57% |          16      2.63%     97.20% |          17      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETX::total          608                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_UPGRADE |          11      2.58%      2.58% |          14      3.29%      5.87% |          15      3.52%      9.39% |          12      2.82%     12.21% |          10      2.35%     14.55% |          12      2.82%     17.37% |          17      3.99%     21.36% |          10      2.35%     23.71% |          11      2.58%     26.29% |          13      3.05%     29.34% |           9      2.11%     31.46% |          14      3.29%     34.74% |          20      4.69%     39.44% |          12      2.82%     42.25% |           6      1.41%     43.66% |          12      2.82%     46.48% |          20      4.69%     51.17% |          16      3.76%     54.93% |          18      4.23%     59.15% |          15      3.52%     62.68% |           9      2.11%     64.79% |          12      2.82%     67.61% |          17      3.99%     71.60% |          18      4.23%     75.82% |          13      3.05%     78.87% |          14      3.29%     82.16% |           9      2.11%     84.27% |          13      3.05%     87.32% |          13      3.05%     90.38% |          13      3.05%     93.43% |          14      3.29%     96.71% |          14      3.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_UPGRADE::total          426                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        7077      3.26%      3.26% |        6903      3.18%      6.44% |        6880      3.17%      9.60% |        6875      3.17%     12.77% |        6957      3.20%     15.97% |        6903      3.18%     19.15% |        6902      3.18%     22.33% |        6899      3.18%     25.51% |        6808      3.13%     28.64% |        6637      3.06%     31.70% |        6723      3.10%     34.79% |        6647      3.06%     37.85% |        7013      3.23%     41.08% |        6738      3.10%     44.18% |        6672      3.07%     47.26% |        6755      3.11%     50.37% |        7008      3.23%     53.59% |        6852      3.15%     56.75% |        6750      3.11%     59.86% |        6708      3.09%     62.94% |        6634      3.05%     66.00% |        6704      3.09%     69.09% |        6656      3.06%     72.15% |        6394      2.94%     75.09% |        6654      3.06%     78.16% |        6698      3.08%     81.24% |        6663      3.07%     84.31% |        6446      2.97%     87.28% |        6959      3.20%     90.48% |        6837      3.15%     93.63% |        6919      3.19%     96.82% |        6917      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total       217188                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      282074     18.12%     18.12% |      778350     50.00%     68.12% |       17465      1.12%     69.24% |       18894      1.21%     70.46% |       17791      1.14%     71.60% |       19080      1.23%     72.82% |       18077      1.16%     73.99% |       19943      1.28%     75.27% |       15404      0.99%     76.26% |       16482      1.06%     77.31% |       15447      0.99%     78.31% |       16580      1.07%     79.37% |       17581      1.13%     80.50% |       15950      1.02%     81.53% |       14671      0.94%     82.47% |       15792      1.01%     83.48% |       16402      1.05%     84.54% |       18390      1.18%     85.72% |       16287      1.05%     86.76% |       15831      1.02%     87.78% |       14902      0.96%     88.74% |       14963      0.96%     89.70% |       14547      0.93%     90.63% |       14263      0.92%     91.55% |       15829      1.02%     92.57% |       16237      1.04%     93.61% |       15529      1.00%     94.61% |       14733      0.95%     95.55% |       16439      1.06%     96.61% |       18239      1.17%     97.78% |       16979      1.09%     98.87% |       17549      1.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      1556700                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      282074     18.12%     18.12% |      778350     50.00%     68.12% |       17465      1.12%     69.24% |       18894      1.21%     70.46% |       17791      1.14%     71.60% |       19080      1.23%     72.82% |       18077      1.16%     73.99% |       19943      1.28%     75.27% |       15404      0.99%     76.26% |       16482      1.06%     77.31% |       15447      0.99%     78.31% |       16580      1.07%     79.37% |       17581      1.13%     80.50% |       15950      1.02%     81.53% |       14671      0.94%     82.47% |       15792      1.01%     83.48% |       16402      1.05%     84.54% |       18390      1.18%     85.72% |       16287      1.05%     86.76% |       15831      1.02%     87.78% |       14902      0.96%     88.74% |       14963      0.96%     89.70% |       14547      0.93%     90.63% |       14263      0.92%     91.55% |       15829      1.02%     92.57% |       16237      1.04%     93.61% |       15529      1.00%     94.61% |       14733      0.95%     95.55% |       16439      1.06%     96.61% |       18239      1.17%     97.78% |       16979      1.09%     98.87% |       17549      1.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      1556700                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      282074     18.12%     18.12% |      778350     50.00%     68.12% |       17465      1.12%     69.24% |       18894      1.21%     70.46% |       17791      1.14%     71.60% |       19080      1.23%     72.82% |       18077      1.16%     73.99% |       19943      1.28%     75.27% |       15404      0.99%     76.26% |       16482      1.06%     77.31% |       15447      0.99%     78.31% |       16580      1.07%     79.37% |       17581      1.13%     80.50% |       15950      1.02%     81.53% |       14671      0.94%     82.47% |       15792      1.01%     83.48% |       16402      1.05%     84.54% |       18390      1.18%     85.72% |       16287      1.05%     86.76% |       15831      1.02%     87.78% |       14902      0.96%     88.74% |       14963      0.96%     89.70% |       14547      0.93%     90.63% |       14263      0.92%     91.55% |       15829      1.02%     92.57% |       16237      1.04%     93.61% |       15529      1.00%     94.61% |       14733      0.95%     95.55% |       16439      1.06%     96.61% |       18239      1.17%     97.78% |       16979      1.09%     98.87% |       17549      1.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      1556700                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      282074     18.12%     18.12% |      778350     50.00%     68.12% |       17465      1.12%     69.24% |       18894      1.21%     70.46% |       17791      1.14%     71.60% |       19080      1.23%     72.82% |       18077      1.16%     73.99% |       19943      1.28%     75.27% |       15404      0.99%     76.26% |       16482      1.06%     77.31% |       15447      0.99%     78.31% |       16580      1.07%     79.37% |       17581      1.13%     80.50% |       15950      1.02%     81.53% |       14671      0.94%     82.47% |       15792      1.01%     83.48% |       16402      1.05%     84.54% |       18390      1.18%     85.72% |       16287      1.05%     86.76% |       15831      1.02%     87.78% |       14902      0.96%     88.74% |       14963      0.96%     89.70% |       14547      0.93%     90.63% |       14263      0.92%     91.55% |       15829      1.02%     92.57% |       16237      1.04%     93.61% |       15529      1.00%     94.61% |       14733      0.95%     95.55% |       16439      1.06%     96.61% |       18239      1.17%     97.78% |       16979      1.09%     98.87% |       17549      1.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      1556700                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
