
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.093589                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 93589107000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5269757185500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  51738                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    91185                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              112916746                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                6506972                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   828.83                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    42882005                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      75576896                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21124544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          21124544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     11912832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       11912832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       330071                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             330071                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       186138                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            186138                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    225715841                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            225715841                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    127288660                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           127288660                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    353004501                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           353004501                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     330071                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    186138                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   330071                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  186138                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              21121856                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   2688                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               11912704                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               21124544                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            11912832                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    42                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            20326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            21017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            20499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            20883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            20514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            21086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            20628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            20706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            20689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            20894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           20592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           20958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           20246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           20147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           20456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           20388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            11507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            11661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            11663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            11653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            11605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            11918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            11560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            11686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            11903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            11724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           11529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           11708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           11351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           11318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           11752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           11598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                     6303                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     2900                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  93588545500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               330071                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              186138                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 152154                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  34019                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  26723                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  20054                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                  15358                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                  12417                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   9888                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   8044                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   6517                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   5355                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  4437                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  3863                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  3194                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  2683                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  2258                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  1928                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  1709                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  1575                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  1404                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  1270                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  1111                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  1017                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                   934                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                   815                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                   777                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                   705                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                   640                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                   599                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                   581                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                   513                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                   555                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                  6932                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  32500                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  34649                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  35510                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  35650                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  35229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   4241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   3274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   5085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       147477                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   223.992406                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   166.682011                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   187.873694                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        44411     30.11%     30.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        42731     28.97%     59.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        42170     28.59%     87.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6807      4.62%     92.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4313      2.92%     95.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2172      1.47%     96.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1568      1.06%     97.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1071      0.73%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2234      1.51%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       147477                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32811                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.058365                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    24.428582                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        32802     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            8      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        32811                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32811                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.672976                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.486471                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.876652                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          29842     90.95%     90.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1995      6.08%     97.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          570      1.74%     98.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          404      1.23%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        32811                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 15573577469                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            21761621219                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1650145000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    47188.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               65938.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      225.69                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      127.29                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   225.72                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   127.29                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.26                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  253180                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 115497                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                76.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               62.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    181299.72                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   71.43                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15197190500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     3124940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    75263893500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              562819320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              552000960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              307093875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              301191000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1292062200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1282015800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            604253520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            601842960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         6112382640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         6112382640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        39060114975                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        38340050220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        21886660500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        22518296250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          69825387030                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          69707779830                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          746.131656                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          744.874943                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20693248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          20693248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     11493376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       11493376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       323332                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             323332                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       179584                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            179584                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    221107441                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            221107441                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    122806771                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           122806771                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    343914212                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           343914212                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     323332                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    179584                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   323332                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  179584                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              20691264                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1984                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               11493376                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               20693248                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            11493376                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    31                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            19942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            20562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            20084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            20435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            20163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            20599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            20218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            20371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            20250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            20427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           20189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           20541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           19822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           19747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           19942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           20009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            11109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            11266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            11269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            11240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            11216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            11523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            11140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            11259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            11494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            11298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           11127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           11289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           10958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           10907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           11294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           11195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                     4900                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     2794                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  93588274500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               323332                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              179584                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 148741                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  31742                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  25891                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  20333                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                  15525                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                  12488                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   9984                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   8000                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   6497                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   5523                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  4601                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  3868                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  3279                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  2725                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  2354                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  2031                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  1810                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  1637                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  1492                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  1376                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  1170                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                   960                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                   873                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                   791                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                   698                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                   671                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                   641                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                   557                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                   572                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                   505                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                   484                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                  5482                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  31367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  33418                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  34038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  34374                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  34148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   4142                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   3195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   4902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       139085                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   231.398986                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   171.903854                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   191.908738                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40559     29.16%     29.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        38171     27.44%     56.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        41983     30.19%     86.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6754      4.86%     91.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4402      3.16%     94.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2321      1.67%     96.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1595      1.15%     97.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1086      0.78%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2214      1.59%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       139085                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        31668                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.208981                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    20.522239                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        31661     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        31668                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        31668                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.670835                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.483758                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.876107                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          28752     90.79%     90.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1984      6.26%     97.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          551      1.74%     98.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          381      1.20%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        31668                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 14725120926                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            20787014676                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1616505000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    45546.17                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               64296.17                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      221.09                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      122.81                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   221.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   122.81                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.25                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  249733                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 114059                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                77.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               63.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    186091.26                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   72.34                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15403860750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     3124940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    75056884250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              530901000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              520521120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              289678125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              284014500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1266423600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1255191600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            583329600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            580342320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         6112382640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         6112382640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        38546625915                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        37586738790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        22337089500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        23179095750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          69666430380                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          69518286720                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          744.433096                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          742.850080                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20699584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          20699584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     11493376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       11493376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       323431                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             323431                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       179584                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            179584                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    221175142                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            221175142                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    122806771                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           122806771                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    343981912                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           343981912                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     323431                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    179584                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   323431                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  179584                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              20698560                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               11493376                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               20699584                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            11493376                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            19967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            20562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            20132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            20497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            20125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            20581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            20211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            20373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            20213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            20477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           20214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           20599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           19846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           19679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           19925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           20014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            11108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            11265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            11262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            11259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            11209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            11504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            11161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            11260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            11461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            11307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           11115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           11309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           10960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           10903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           11299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           11202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                     4520                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     2478                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  93588967000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               323431                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              179584                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 149263                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  31660                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  26053                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                  20381                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                  15665                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                  12523                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                  10166                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   8258                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   6520                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   5462                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  4430                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  3688                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  3122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  2722                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  2302                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  2001                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  1755                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  1546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  1475                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  1284                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  1173                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  1025                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                   931                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                   855                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                   764                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                   681                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                   632                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                   599                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                   541                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                   478                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                   445                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                  5015                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  31446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  33376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  34117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  34464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  34386                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   4208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   3162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   4425                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       138906                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   231.748780                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   172.481102                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   191.462729                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40200     28.94%     28.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        38020     27.37%     56.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        42386     30.51%     86.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6751      4.86%     91.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4348      3.13%     94.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2399      1.73%     96.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1509      1.09%     97.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1039      0.75%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2254      1.62%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       138906                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        31723                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.194906                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    20.521693                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        31717     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        31723                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        31723                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.661003                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.478594                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.848431                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          28856     90.96%     90.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1960      6.18%     97.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          552      1.74%     98.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          355      1.12%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        31723                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 14577235744                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            20641266994                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1617075000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    45072.85                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               63822.85                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      221.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      122.81                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   221.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   122.81                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.24                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  249735                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 114349                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                77.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               63.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    186056.02                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   72.38                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15452238250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     3124940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    75006034250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              532526400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              517550040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              290565000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              282393375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1267016400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1255503600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            583368480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            580303440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         6112382640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         6112382640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        38431909710                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        37516482585                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        22437717750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        23240724000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          69655486380                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          69505339680                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          744.316152                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          742.711733                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20669760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          20669760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     11493120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       11493120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       322965                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             322965                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       179580                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            179580                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    220856472                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            220856472                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    122804035                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           122804035                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    343660507                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           343660507                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     322965                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    179580                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   322965                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  179580                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              20669056                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               11492992                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               20669760                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            11493120                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    11                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            19933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            20569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            20027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            20457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            20061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            20536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            20204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            20355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            20214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            20445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           20221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           20477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           19797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           19670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           19962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           20026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            11107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            11266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            11270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            11252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            11205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            11508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            11147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            11257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            11465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            11310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           11116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           11308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           10963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           10912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           11292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           11200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                     5231                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     2686                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  93588294000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               322965                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              179580                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 149018                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  31839                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  25783                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                  20306                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                  15758                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                  12298                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   9887                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   8003                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   6438                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   5418                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  4607                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  3907                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  3337                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  2810                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  2365                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  2094                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  1810                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  1565                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  1286                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  1196                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  1072                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                   955                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                   806                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                   756                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                   706                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                   625                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                   594                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                   553                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                   495                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                   464                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                   462                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                  5741                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  31407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  33371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  34082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  34481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  34255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   4200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   3146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   4638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       138752                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   231.786900                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   172.366643                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   191.882571                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40177     28.96%     28.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        38079     27.44%     56.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        42141     30.37%     86.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6834      4.93%     91.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4295      3.10%     94.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2313      1.67%     96.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1607      1.16%     97.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1057      0.76%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2249      1.62%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       138752                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        31701                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.187060                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.065647                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        31690     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            8      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        31701                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        31701                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.664742                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.478919                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.871915                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          28818     90.91%     90.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1939      6.12%     97.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          558      1.76%     98.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          386      1.22%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        31701                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 14668674357                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            20724061857                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1614770000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    45420.32                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               64170.32                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      220.85                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      122.80                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   220.86                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   122.80                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.24                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.94                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  249391                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 114379                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                77.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               63.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    186228.68                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   72.39                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15173662750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     3124940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    75284644250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              529971120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              518978880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              289170750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              283173000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1264637400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1254286800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            583258320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            580374720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         6112382640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         6112382640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        38286485325                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        37496709000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        22565304000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        23258090250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          69631209555                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          69503995290                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          744.056459                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          742.697089                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1118                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1118                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1348                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1348                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               221                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              221                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          884                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          884                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          793                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3987                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4871                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               165000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              491000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              470124                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              115624                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1792000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          375                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1536000                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          375                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                256                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                2559                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               17156228                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 37.864841                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                29.076090                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                41.214914                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    17015781     99.18%     99.18% |      137143      0.80%     99.98% |        3271      0.02%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 17156228                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     34074319                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.277665                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.802992                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      2.295511                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    30808525     90.42%     90.42% |     1900530      5.58%     95.99% |      738826      2.17%     98.16% |      431332      1.27%     99.43% |      170602      0.50%     99.93% |       14664      0.04%     99.97% |        5482      0.02%     99.99% |        2828      0.01%    100.00% |        1530      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      34074319                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            34074317                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              21.301183                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.286535                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             81.823205                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    34047489     99.92%     99.92% |       24526      0.07%     99.99% |        1956      0.01%    100.00% |         314      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              34074317                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        31020425                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.013288                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.009683                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.188244                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    30820278     99.35%     99.35% |       83021      0.27%     99.62% |       56002      0.18%     99.80% |       32757      0.11%     99.91% |       22938      0.07%     99.98% |        5417      0.02%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          31020425                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        3053892                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        207.063566                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       155.660577                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       191.822292                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     3027064     99.12%     99.12% |       24526      0.80%     99.92% |        1956      0.06%     99.99% |         314      0.01%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          3053892                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    83886080                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    4194304                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         846407                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       846407                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           61                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           38                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles           26                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles           36                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     21215483                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       689042                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     21904525                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      9375845                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       123476                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      9499321                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load      1004403                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        30919                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       303522                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1718415                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        54393                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           18                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           18                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits        60762                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       293913                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       354675                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles       132986                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits        53549                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses       282868                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       336417                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles       126154                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits        47824                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses       265119                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       312943                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles       117083                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits        59141                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses       292923                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       352064                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles       131945                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits        55957                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses       288284                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       344241                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles       129544                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits        48320                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses       267228                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       315548                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles       117263                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits        51869                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses       276719                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       328588                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles       124488                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits        51675                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses       274303                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       325978                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles       122720                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       114142                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        49954                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       164096                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        50689                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        43206                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        93895                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        51240                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        43319                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        94559                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        50569                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        43266                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        93835                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        49761                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        43362                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        93123                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        49380                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        43300                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        92680                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        48356                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        43292                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        91648                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        48669                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        43273                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        91942                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        49999                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        43358                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        93357                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        49536                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        43326                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        92862                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        49808                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        43318                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        93126                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        49681                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        43242                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        92923                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        49104                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        43277                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        92381                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        49141                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        43360                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        92501                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        51845                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        43366                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        95211                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        49611                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        43314                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        92925                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        48910                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        43257                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        92167                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        49091                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        43338                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        92429                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        49699                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        43270                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        92969                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        48922                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        43285                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        92207                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        50063                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        43191                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        93254                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        49754                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        43300                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        93054                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        50333                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        43250                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        93583                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        50208                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        43276                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        93484                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        53055                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        43203                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        96258                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        54037                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        43176                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        97213                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        49368                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        43228                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        92596                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        49597                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        43212                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        92809                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        49204                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        43206                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        92410                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        48487                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        43285                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        91772                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        48670                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        43304                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        91974                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        51335                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        43315                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        94650                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles        76252                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     18879258                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     18879258                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     19505677                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     18879258                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      9633739                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      9521110                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     18879258                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.100862                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads     12873939                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes     12873939                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity     13682877                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity     12873939                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7923570                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7746219                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity     12873939                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.068779                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      9824102                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      9824102                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10378423                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9824102                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4611980                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4552530                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      9824102                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.052485                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      8991169                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      8991169                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9511736                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8991169                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4322931                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4290025                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      8991169                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.048035                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      9739579                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      9739579                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10303291                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9739579                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5149372                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5063167                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      9739579                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.052034                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      9342403                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      9342403                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9937711                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9342403                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4727881                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4687067                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      9342403                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.049912                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads     10761197                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes     10761197                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity     11479130                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10761197                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4630421                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4586681                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity     10761197                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.057492                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      8947784                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      8947784                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9626224                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8947784                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4088277                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4057004                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      8947784                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.047804                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      6500616                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      6500616                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6829947                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6500616                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3131581                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3104208                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      6500616                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.034730                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      7812840                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      7812840                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8288360                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7812840                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3860434                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3824400                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      7812840                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.041740                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      5029566                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      5029566                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5293994                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5029566                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2166321                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2143978                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      5029566                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.026870                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      3765378                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      3765378                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3806606                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3765378                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1721079                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1720038                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      3765378                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.020117                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      4415703                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      4415703                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4472527                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4415703                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2178021                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2176243                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      4415703                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.023591                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      3828133                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      3828133                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3874196                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3828133                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1738189                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1737013                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      3828133                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.020452                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      2636420                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      2636420                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2686752                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2636420                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1052196                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1050548                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      2636420                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.014085                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      3624194                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      3624194                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3704467                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3624194                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1453459                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1451110                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      3624194                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.019362                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      4576299                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      4576299                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4645984                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4576299                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1735629                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1733623                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      4576299                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.024449                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      3943411                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      3943411                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4005589                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3943411                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1532397                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1530947                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      3943411                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.021068                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      3532856                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      3532856                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3615303                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3532856                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1447365                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1445200                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      3532856                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.018874                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      2056459                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      2056459                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2126483                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2056459                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       860184                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       858231                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      2056459                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.010987                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1956471                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1956471                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1963453                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1956471                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       960357                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       960099                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1956471                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.010452                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2352543                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2352543                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2365246                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2352543                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1237676                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1236575                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2352543                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.012568                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      2139827                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      2139827                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2151642                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2139827                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1052792                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1052455                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      2139827                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.011432                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1342629                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1342629                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1342629                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1342629                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       597412                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       597381                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1342629                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.007173                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1904662                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1904662                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1911526                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1904662                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       910198                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       909950                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1904662                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.010176                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      2312491                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      2312491                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2325064                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2312491                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1212035                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1211055                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      2312491                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.012354                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      2128203                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      2128203                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2139646                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2128203                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1042931                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1042559                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      2128203                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.011370                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1349317                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1349317                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1349317                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1349317                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       599463                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       599425                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1349317                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.007209                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      8362605                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      8362605                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8878859                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8362605                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3843338                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3828617                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      8362605                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.044677                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      7734553                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      7734553                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8044161                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7734553                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3436425                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3428421                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      7734553                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.041322                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      8044583                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      8044583                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8556372                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8044583                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3443256                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3420455                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      8044583                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.042978                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      8108615                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      8108615                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8518908                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8108615                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3507970                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3494699                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      8108615                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.043320                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    14559658     30.45%     30.45% |    30224750     63.22%     93.67% |     3025872      6.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     47810280                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    14559658     30.45%     30.45% |    30224750     63.22%     93.67% |     3025872      6.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     47810280                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   464421322                       |   770281004                       |    72414481                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   298312770                       |   142451749                       |     3049701                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   31.897818                       |   25.485108                       |   23.931773                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   20.488996                       |    4.713083                       |    1.007875                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    27.339660                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     9.282820                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         36.622480                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.004105                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.093942      7.43%      7.43% |    0.093100      7.36%     14.80% |    0.092878      7.35%     22.14% |    0.092185      7.29%     29.43% |    0.201868     15.97%     45.40% |    0.201715     15.96%     61.36% |    0.201724     15.96%     77.32% |    0.201626     15.95%     93.26% |    0.021289      1.68%     94.95% |    0.021290      1.68%     96.63% |    0.021288      1.68%     98.32% |    0.021282      1.68%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.264186                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.031524                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.023199                       |    0.000000                       |    0.006515                       |    0.006309                       |    0.005899                       |    0.006525                       |    0.006408                       |    0.005960                       |    0.006148                       |    0.006090                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.006259                       |    0.003798                       |    0.003752                       |    0.003784                       |    0.003756                       |    0.003759                       |    0.003750                       |    0.003732                       |    0.003736                       |    0.003814                       |    0.003819                       |    0.003793                       |    0.003772                       |    0.003753                       |    0.003723                       |    0.003731                       |    0.003775                       |    0.003759                       |    0.003771                       |    0.003765                       |    0.003753                       |    0.003838                       |    0.003765                       |    0.003741                       |    0.003750                       |    0.003768                       |    0.003745                       |    0.003770                       |    0.003768                       |    0.003778                       |    0.003864                       |    0.003899                       |    0.010571                       |    0.010354                       |    0.010357                       |    0.010342                       |    0.000129                       |           0                       |    0.004164                       |    0.008691                       |    0.000603                       |    0.000573                       |    0.000523                       |    0.000603                       |    0.000587                       |    0.000535                       |    0.000554                       |    0.000549                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003447                       |    0.000130                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003882                       |    0.002994                       |    0.008827                       |    0.003429                       |    0.000554                       |    0.004917                       |    0.011757                       |    0.005246                       |           0                       |    0.003450                       |    0.007369                       |           0                       |    0.011684                       |    0.016093                       |    0.006082                       |    0.009370                       |    0.003439                       |    0.000603                       |    0.013220                       |    0.013262                       |    0.012590                       |    0.009015                       |    0.003460                       |    0.000573                       |    0.015041                       |    0.011839                       |    0.008107                       |           0                       |    0.003433                       |    0.007156                       |           0                       |    0.013887                       |    0.009684                       |    0.007161                       |           0                       |    0.003457                       |           0                       |    0.007543                       |    0.004840                       |    0.004277                       |           0                       |    0.003439                       |           0                       |    0.003750                       |    0.002986                       |           0                       |    0.003507                       |           0                       |    0.001654                       |    0.003838                       |    0.003569                       |    0.008739                       |    0.003470                       |    0.000549                       |    0.008726                       |    0.004948                       |    0.011746                       |    0.003563                       |    0.008457                       |    0.003438                       |    0.000523                       |    0.005361                       |    0.012840                       |    0.016847                       |    0.004568                       |    0.025460                       |    0.005230                       |    0.004164                       |    0.010482                       |    0.018244                       |    0.027072                       |    0.010211                       |    0.000001                       |    0.003464                       |    0.008691                       |    0.010221                       |    0.019580                       |    0.017180                       |    0.009642                       |    0.009339                       |    0.003429                       |    0.000603                       |    0.007808                       |    0.013503                       |    0.009760                       |    0.005469                       |           0                       |    0.003452                       |           0                       |    0.002889                       |    0.007539                       |    0.004852                       |    0.004858                       |           0                       |    0.003443                       |           0                       |    0.001586                       |    0.003768                       |    0.003558                       |           0                       |    0.003446                       |           0                       |    0.000789                       |    0.003765                       |    0.003432                       |           0                       |    0.003475                       |           0                       |    0.009363                       |    0.004098                       |    0.006523                       |    0.003412                       |           0                       |    0.003529                       |    0.007157                       |           0                       |    0.005784                       |    0.011487                       |    0.011605                       |    0.003415                       |    0.009180                       |    0.003437                       |    0.000587                       |    0.018223                       |    0.012929                       |    0.009680                       |    0.003456                       |    0.008517                       |    0.003426                       |    0.000535                       |    0.007608                       |    0.014858                       |    0.009428                       |    0.003432                       |           0                       |    0.003524                       |    0.007152                       |           0                       |    0.007144                       |    0.013950                       |    0.008096                       |    0.003454                       |           0                       |    0.003422                       |           0                       |    0.002015                       |    0.007498                       |    0.004066                       |    0.003451                       |           0                       |    0.003438                       |           0                       |    0.000748                       |    0.003745                       |    0.003438                       |           0                       |    0.003432                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003741                       |           0                       |    0.003412                       |           0                       |    0.004237                       |           0                       |    0.006436                       |           0                       |    0.003415                       |           0                       |    0.004737                       |    0.003209                       |    0.008001                       |           0                       |    0.003456                       |           0                       |    0.010073                       |    0.005780                       |    0.005141                       |           0                       |    0.003432                       |           0                       |    0.004305                       |    0.009217                       |    0.004114                       |           0                       |    0.003454                       |           0                       |    0.006684                       |    0.008736                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003451                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.007536                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003438                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003770                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.264186                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         8079578                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      8079578                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       343243                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      5835601                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         5307506                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     90.950461                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          599493                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30781                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             13379473                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              73178                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            14736092                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            138483                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         13452651                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        14874575                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  28115565                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  211661                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              28327226                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              9506253                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9541                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          9515794                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   9506253                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9541                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               9515794                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                183428514                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     31544249                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               49669769                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             8079578                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      5906999                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             146730485                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          785212                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             141809                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       177640                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       278427                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3055                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       330128                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           9505648                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        189433                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3805                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    179598399                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.502932                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.708097                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        161559906     89.96%     89.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1832842      1.02%     90.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          2567773      1.43%     92.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           716221      0.40%     92.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          3941002      2.19%     95.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          1023990      0.57%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1459402      0.81%     96.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           409731      0.23%     96.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          6087532      3.39%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    179598399                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.044048                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.270785                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         11502995                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     155506255                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6113159                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       6083377                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         392606                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       86738085                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         392606                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         13991659                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        94943783                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     10677285                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           9471395                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      50121664                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       85170246                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         59377                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        5111302                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         452544                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       42476240                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     90640978                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     201547567                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    127795838                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          350                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      79474041                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         11166909                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       292602                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       296310                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          40049061                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      6988513                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     15051799                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1582123                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1419230                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           83636903                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       555500                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          87533935                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       270820                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      8346629                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     13317928                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        96407                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    179598399                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.487387                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.238412                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    144366078     80.38%     80.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14389063      8.01%     88.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      7256289      4.04%     92.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4585937      2.55%     94.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3741808      2.08%     97.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2568372      1.43%     98.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2023752      1.13%     99.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       413921      0.23%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       253179      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    179598399                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          104555     10.37%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         785018     77.88%     88.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        118355     11.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       338338      0.39%      0.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      59223597     67.66%     68.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        43646      0.05%     68.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52043      0.06%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           20      0.00%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12961992     14.81%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     14914299     17.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       87533935                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.477210                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1007928                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.011515                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    355944728                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     92546673                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     80215268                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          281                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          403                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses          105                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       88203384                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             141                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1732121                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1209421                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2680                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         8183                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       557216                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1813                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      7632400                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         392606                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5332670                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      84135209                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     84192403                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        98500                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       6988513                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15051799                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       546645                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          93168                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      83863926                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         8183                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       123954                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       282423                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       406377                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      86922781                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      12771486                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       400466                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             27524514                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          6756011                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           14753028                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.473878                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               80315870                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              80215373                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          41778016                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          66277811                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.437311                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.630347                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8532134                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       459093                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       356437                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    178185653                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.424147                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.335553                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    150204733     84.30%     84.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     12049512      6.76%     91.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      6723308      3.77%     94.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2501905      1.40%     96.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1506005      0.85%     97.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1042929      0.59%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       508688      0.29%     97.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       904327      0.51%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2744246      1.54%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    178185653                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     42882004                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       75576893                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               20273663                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               5779088                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5684                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            6311693                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 25                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          75175806                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       521351                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       147642      0.20%      0.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     55062490     72.86%     73.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        42333      0.06%     73.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50763      0.07%     73.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     73.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     73.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     73.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     73.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     73.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     73.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     73.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     73.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     73.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     73.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      5779088      7.65%     80.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     14494575     19.18%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     75576893                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       2744246                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            259417904                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           169641466                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   85071                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3830115                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3749277                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            42882004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              75576893                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.277517                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.277517                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.233780                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.233780                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        132504117                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        58317135                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               140                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              125                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          32154415                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         25945484                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        41356416                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         289247                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               5776703500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            5776703500.000005                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-5.36871e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+09-5.90558e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.90558e+09-6.44245e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+09-6.97932e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.97932e+09-7.51619e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::7.51619e+09-8.05306e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-9.12681e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.12681e+09-9.66368e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.66368e+09-1.02005e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.02005e+10-1.07374e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          256                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         2559                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       8436374                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        49.047719                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       34.299912                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       55.601805                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     8295927     98.34%     98.34% |      137143      1.63%     99.96% |        3271      0.04%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         8436374                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       8463521                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        27.092167                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       24.815927                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       10.660264                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     5530338     65.34%     65.34% |     2913529     34.42%     99.77% |       18978      0.22%     99.99% |         603      0.01%    100.00% |          61      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         8463521                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size           16                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket          159                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        256333                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        25.505198                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       23.641984                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        9.474417                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |       34486     13.45%     13.45% |      148675     58.00%     71.45% |       68834     26.85%     98.31% |        4295      1.68%     99.98% |          42      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          256333                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          9132973                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           44.000384                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           6.691022                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         121.542099                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     9115075     99.80%     99.80% |       16376      0.18%     99.98% |        1310      0.01%    100.00% |         200      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            9132973                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      7275288                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.044886                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.032209                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.356428                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     7129244     97.99%     97.99% |       52686      0.72%     98.72% |       39274      0.54%     99.26% |       26451      0.36%     99.62% |       22209      0.31%     99.93% |        5412      0.07%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        7275288                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples      1857685                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     204.395202                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    148.478035                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    200.823828                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |     1839787     99.04%     99.04% |       16376      0.88%     99.92% |        1310      0.07%     99.99% |         200      0.01%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total       1857685                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         15213674                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           18.592772                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.002060                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          74.299673                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    15204750     99.94%     99.94% |        8144      0.05%     99.99% |         646      0.00%    100.00% |         114      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           15213674                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     14155819                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.006044                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.004716                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.108020                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14101815     99.62%     99.62% |       30236      0.21%     99.83% |       16728      0.12%     99.95% |        6306      0.04%     99.99% |         729      0.01%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       14155819                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1057855                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     227.168534                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    185.365689                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    180.659696                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |     1048931     99.16%     99.16% |        8144      0.77%     99.93% |         646      0.06%     99.99% |         114      0.01%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1057855                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      9499320                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.088140                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.128746                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      11.688605                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     9496514     99.97%     99.97% |        2539      0.03%    100.00% |         235      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        9499320                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      9375845                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     9375845    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      9375845                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       123475                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    86.714047                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    76.047106                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    59.949594                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      120669     97.73%     97.73% |        2539      2.06%     99.78% |         235      0.19%     99.97% |          26      0.02%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       123475                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       227046                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      9.971398                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.741394                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    34.254866                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      223079     98.25%     98.25% |        3055      1.35%     99.60% |         777      0.34%     99.94% |          70      0.03%     99.97% |          29      0.01%     99.98% |          29      0.01%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       227046                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       212197                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000467                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000403                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.021595                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      212098     99.95%     99.95% |          99      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       212197                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        14849                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   109.588255                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    87.663186                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    85.580769                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       10882     73.28%     73.28% |        3055     20.57%     93.86% |         777      5.23%     99.09% |          70      0.47%     99.56% |          29      0.20%     99.76% |          29      0.20%     99.95% |           7      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        14849                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.254601                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.423135                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.768155                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         624     95.71%     95.71% |          18      2.76%     98.47% |           5      0.77%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           3      0.46%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         624    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    78.785714                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    64.782348                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    61.005985                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          18     64.29%     64.29% |           5     17.86%     82.14% |           0      0.00%     82.14% |           0      0.00%     82.14% |           3     10.71%     92.86% |           1      3.57%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         652    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         652    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks       609961                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time     11271817                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       169423                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    51542                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    49830                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    47610                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    51324                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    49783                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    49834                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    47517                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    47404                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                 303178                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                 286634                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                 265382                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                 300788                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                 294505                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                 265766                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                 281123                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                 278628                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                   221333                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                   209879                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                   195521                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                   219487                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                   214808                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                   195476                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                   205501                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                   204038                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses               354720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses               336464                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses               312992                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses               352112                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses               344288                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses               315600                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses               328640                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses               326032                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                31369097                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                30210024                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                26527322                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                33118116                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                30814830                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                29742267                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                30517544                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                29346216                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                  258976                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                  245648                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                  228508                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                  257068                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                  251358                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                  230408                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                  239928                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                  238030                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  95744                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  90816                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  84484                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  95044                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  92930                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  85192                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  88712                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  88002                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                28458                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                28771                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                28724                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                28408                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                27558                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                29989                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                26499                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                27014                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses             230518                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses             216877                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses             199784                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses             228660                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses             223800                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses             200419                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses             213429                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses             211016                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               23084                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               21059                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               18886                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               22916                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits               22225                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               19845                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               21018                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               20390                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses             72660                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses             69757                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses             65598                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses             72128                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses             70705                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses             65347                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses             67694                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses             67612                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                      136                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                      129                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                      120                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                      135                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                      132                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                      121                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                      126                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                      125                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles               11380073                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles               11410413                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles               11442160                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles               11393441                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles               11411498                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles               11436812                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles               11434736                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles               11373688                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    2176                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                    2064                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                    1920                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                    2160                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                    2112                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                    1936                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                    2016                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                    2000                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles              10309131                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles              10389645                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles              10500587                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles              10352734                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles              10417606                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles              10474323                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles              10450003                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles              10400147                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles            5622742                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles            5308717                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles            4937856                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles            5556021                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles            5431890                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles            4969772                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles            5175371                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles            5131383                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              3915141                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              3788007                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              3692740                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              3977999                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              3750353                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              3721045                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              3779556                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              3767132                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time         10309131                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time         10389645                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time         10500587                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time         10352734                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time         10417606                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time         10474323                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time         10450003                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time         10400147                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time       5573599                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time       5286831                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time       4917972                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time       5532711                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time       5409777                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time       4959007                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time       5163906                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time       5122919                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         3734807                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         3639005                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         3590965                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         3774144                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         3626532                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         3594221                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         3651540                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         3642691                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time           10748020                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time           10792942                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time           10870079                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time           10769829                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time           10806011                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time           10839249                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time           10829295                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time           10771448                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles             16719                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         175716444                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         175716440                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         175716446                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         175716442                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         175716451                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         175716447                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         175716464                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         175716459                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles         11214826                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles         11273981                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles         11291981                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles         11224301                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles         11212419                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles         11262244                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles         11261800                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles         11205953                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0             81845                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0             76755                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0             69861                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0             81301                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0             79697                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0             70290                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0             75622                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0             74590                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1             23084                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1             21059                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1             18886                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1             22916                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1             22225                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1             19845                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1             21018                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1             20390                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              7867                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              9263                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              8975                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              8484                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              7831                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2              9915                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              7014                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              7674                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      330046     25.39%     25.39% |      323332     24.88%     50.27% |      323431     24.88%     75.15% |      322966     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1299775                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      180321     25.70%     25.70% |      173763     24.77%     50.47% |      173758     24.77%     75.23% |      173753     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       701595                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      330071     25.39%     25.39% |      323332     24.88%     50.27% |      323431     24.88%     75.15% |      322965     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1299799                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      186138     25.68%     25.68% |      179584     24.77%     50.45% |      179584     24.77%     75.23% |      179580     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       724886                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6000     25.00%     25.00% |        6000     25.00%     50.00% |        6000     25.00%     75.00% |        6000     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24000                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      141533     25.03%     25.03% |      141377     25.00%     50.04% |      141481     25.02%     75.06% |      141020     24.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       565411                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      330046     25.39%     25.39% |      323332     24.88%     50.27% |      323431     24.88%     75.15% |      322966     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1299775                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5817     24.98%     24.98% |        5821     24.99%     49.97% |        5826     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23291                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5817     24.98%     24.98% |        5821     24.99%     49.97% |        5826     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23291                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      180085     25.70%     25.70% |      173584     24.77%     50.46% |      173584     24.77%     75.23% |      173580     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       700833                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          709                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      141533     25.03%     25.03% |      141377     25.00%     50.04% |      141481     25.02%     75.06% |      141020     24.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       565411                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      330046     25.39%     25.39% |      323332     24.88%     50.27% |      323431     24.88%     75.15% |      322965     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1299774                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      180085     25.70%     25.70% |      173584     24.77%     50.46% |      173584     24.77%     75.23% |      173580     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       700833                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          709                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          709                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     7184247     78.58%     78.58% |          18      0.00%     78.58% |      260153      2.85%     81.43% |      246643      2.70%     84.13% |      229205      2.51%     86.64% |      258223      2.82%     89.46% |      252401      2.76%     92.22% |      231093      2.53%     94.75% |      241008      2.64%     97.39% |      239051      2.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      9142042                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     9499377    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      9499377                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    14721399     95.30%     95.30% |           0      0.00%     95.30% |       96550      0.62%     95.92% |       91586      0.59%     96.51% |       85165      0.55%     97.06% |       95820      0.62%     97.69% |       93622      0.61%     98.29% |       85764      0.56%     98.85% |       89517      0.58%     99.43% |       88692      0.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     15448115                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       17031     10.17%     10.17% |          18      0.01%     10.18% |       19108     11.41%     21.59% |       18844     11.25%     32.84% |       16824     10.05%     42.89% |       20299     12.12%     55.01% |       20346     12.15%     67.16% |       18648     11.13%     78.29% |       17493     10.45%     88.74% |       18865     11.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       167476                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      808098     26.35%     26.35% |           0      0.00%     26.35% |      296814      9.68%     36.03% |      284952      9.29%     45.32% |      266376      8.69%     54.00% |      295854      9.65%     63.65% |      290839      9.48%     73.13% |      268544      8.76%     81.89% |      278892      9.09%     90.98% |      276676      9.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      3067045                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3556     13.08%     13.08% |        3417     12.57%     25.65% |        3255     11.97%     37.62% |        3561     13.10%     50.72% |        3434     12.63%     63.35% |        3222     11.85%     75.20% |        3323     12.22%     87.42% |        3420     12.58%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total        27188                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           2      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        8000     12.97%     12.98% |        8085     13.11%     26.09% |        6740     10.93%     37.02% |        8552     13.87%     50.88% |        8375     13.58%     64.46% |        7544     12.23%     76.70% |        6952     11.27%     87.97% |        7419     12.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        61669                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      189619     11.60%     11.60% |          16      0.00%     11.60% |      191508     11.71%     23.31% |      182213     11.14%     34.45% |      172613     10.56%     45.01% |      189290     11.58%     56.59% |      183261     11.21%     67.79% |      170915     10.45%     78.25% |      180455     11.04%     89.28% |      175248     10.72%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      1635138                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      0.00%      0.00% |        7806     12.66%     12.66% |        7949     12.89%     25.55% |        7028     11.40%     36.95% |        8096     13.13%     50.08% |        8346     13.53%     63.61% |        7411     12.02%     75.63% |        7231     11.73%     87.35% |        7800     12.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        61669                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      622877     45.90%     45.90% |           0      0.00%     45.90% |       94599      6.97%     52.87% |       92706      6.83%     59.70% |       85478      6.30%     66.00% |       95537      7.04%     73.04% |       96677      7.12%     80.16% |       88902      6.55%     86.71% |       89033      6.56%     93.28% |       91255      6.72%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1357064                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      686006     26.25%     26.25% |           0      0.00%     26.25% |      253697      9.71%     35.96% |      242810      9.29%     45.26% |      230586      8.82%     54.08% |      251086      9.61%     63.69% |      244680      9.36%     73.05% |      228642      8.75%     81.80% |      240931      9.22%     91.03% |      234504      8.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      2612942                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      189073     10.18%     10.18% |           9      0.00%     10.18% |      219755     11.84%     22.02% |      210312     11.33%     33.35% |      196658     10.59%     43.94% |      218632     11.78%     55.71% |      214642     11.56%     67.27% |      198255     10.68%     77.95% |      205552     11.07%     89.02% |      203825     10.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      1856713                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      120990    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       120990                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      498927     46.52%     46.52% |           0      0.00%     46.52% |       74155      6.91%     53.43% |       72545      6.76%     60.19% |       68461      6.38%     66.57% |       74280      6.93%     73.50% |       73642      6.87%     80.37% |       68973      6.43%     86.80% |       71155      6.63%     93.43% |       70473      6.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1072611                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11051      6.87%      6.87% |           0      0.00%      6.87% |       19054     11.85%     18.72% |       18755     11.66%     30.38% |       16718     10.39%     40.77% |       20267     12.60%     53.38% |       20272     12.60%     65.98% |       18509     11.51%     77.49% |       17385     10.81%     88.30% |       18818     11.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total       160829                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         963     99.07%     99.07% |           9      0.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          972                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        2486    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         2486                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          58     58.00%     58.00% |           0      0.00%     58.00% |           3      3.00%     61.00% |          11     11.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |          11     11.00%     83.00% |           0      0.00%     83.00% |           0      0.00%     83.00% |          12     12.00%     95.00% |           5      5.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total          100                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1587      5.46%      5.46% |           0      0.00%      5.46% |        3571     12.28%     17.73% |        3458     11.89%     29.62% |        3336     11.47%     41.09% |        3545     12.19%     53.28% |        3472     11.94%     65.22% |        3327     11.44%     76.66% |        3370     11.59%     88.24% |        3419     11.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        29085                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        8207     19.86%     19.86% |           0      0.00%     19.86% |        4034      9.76%     29.62% |        4733     11.45%     41.08% |        3722      9.01%     50.09% |        4270     10.33%     60.42% |        4480     10.84%     71.26% |        4059      9.82%     81.08% |        3641      8.81%     89.90% |        4175     10.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        41321                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     9375845    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      9375845                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        3459     97.71%     97.71% |           2      0.06%     97.77% |           3      0.08%     97.85% |          16      0.45%     98.31% |           9      0.25%     98.56% |           4      0.11%     98.67% |           6      0.17%     98.84% |          21      0.59%     99.44% |          13      0.37%     99.80% |           7      0.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         3540                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      120374     29.86%     29.86% |           0      0.00%     29.86% |       36130      8.96%     38.82% |       36077      8.95%     47.77% |       30685      7.61%     55.38% |       37769      9.37%     64.75% |       39620      9.83%     74.57% |       34747      8.62%     83.19% |       31894      7.91%     91.10% |       35863      8.90%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       403159                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     4196026     94.40%     94.40% |           0      0.00%     94.40% |       35155      0.79%     95.19% |       30571      0.69%     95.88% |       28100      0.63%     96.51% |       34138      0.77%     97.28% |       32206      0.72%     98.00% |       28070      0.63%     98.63% |       30711      0.69%     99.33% |       30000      0.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      4444977                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       35524    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        35524                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        2290     89.56%     89.56% |          16      0.63%     90.18% |          30      1.17%     91.36% |          42      1.64%     93.00% |          27      1.06%     94.06% |          13      0.51%     94.56% |          29      1.13%     95.70% |          39      1.53%     97.22% |          51      1.99%     99.22% |          20      0.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         2557                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      151716      9.89%      9.89% |           0      0.00%      9.89% |      183345     11.95%     21.84% |      173907     11.34%     33.18% |      165686     10.80%     43.98% |      180574     11.77%     55.75% |      174718     11.39%     67.14% |      163187     10.64%     77.77% |      173320     11.30%     89.07% |      167655     10.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      1534108                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        7963     12.97%     12.97% |        8059     13.13%     26.11% |        6721     10.95%     37.06% |        8507     13.86%     50.92% |        8333     13.58%     64.49% |        7503     12.22%     76.72% |        6913     11.26%     87.98% |        7376     12.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        61375                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2788990    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2788990                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    14186736     98.97%     98.97% |           0      0.00%     98.97% |       21573      0.15%     99.12% |       18245      0.13%     99.25% |       16002      0.11%     99.36% |       20733      0.14%     99.51% |       19271      0.13%     99.64% |       16191      0.11%     99.76% |       17517      0.12%     99.88% |       17500      0.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     14333768                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         231     42.78%     42.78% |           0      0.00%     42.78% |          21      3.89%     46.67% |          31      5.74%     52.41% |          69     12.78%     65.19% |          15      2.78%     67.96% |          37      6.85%     74.81% |          75     13.89%     88.70% |          42      7.78%     96.48% |          19      3.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          540                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      534290     49.52%     49.52% |           0      0.00%     49.52% |       70352      6.52%     56.05% |       68903      6.39%     62.43% |       64900      6.02%     68.45% |       70512      6.54%     74.98% |       69962      6.48%     81.47% |       65455      6.07%     87.54% |       67611      6.27%     93.80% |       66849      6.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1078834                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3550     13.07%     13.07% |        3412     12.56%     25.64% |        3255     11.99%     37.62% |        3552     13.08%     50.70% |        3431     12.63%     63.34% |        3220     11.86%     75.20% |        3317     12.21%     87.41% |        3419     12.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total        27156                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         120      0.82%      0.82% |           0      0.00%      0.82% |        2236     15.31%     16.14% |        1786     12.23%     28.37% |        1192      8.16%     36.53% |        2243     15.36%     51.89% |        2069     14.17%     66.06% |        1233      8.44%     74.51% |        1765     12.09%     86.60% |        1957     13.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total        14601                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      189619     11.60%     11.60% |          16      0.00%     11.60% |      191508     11.71%     23.31% |      182213     11.14%     34.45% |      172613     10.56%     45.01% |      189290     11.58%     56.59% |      183260     11.21%     67.79% |      170915     10.45%     78.25% |      180455     11.04%     89.28% |      175248     10.72%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      1635137                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      0.00%      0.00% |        7806     12.66%     12.66% |        7949     12.89%     25.55% |        7028     11.40%     36.95% |        8096     13.13%     50.08% |        8346     13.53%     63.61% |        7411     12.02%     75.63% |        7231     11.73%     87.35% |        7800     12.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        61669                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      123892     43.57%     43.57% |           0      0.00%     43.57% |       20441      7.19%     50.76% |       20150      7.09%     57.84% |       17017      5.98%     63.83% |       21246      7.47%     71.30% |       23035      8.10%     79.40% |       19929      7.01%     86.41% |       17866      6.28%     92.69% |       20777      7.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       284353                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          11      0.15%      0.15% |           0      0.00%      0.15% |        1180     16.26%     16.41% |         821     11.31%     27.72% |         577      7.95%     35.68% |        1211     16.69%     52.36% |         997     13.74%     66.10% |         595      8.20%     74.30% |         932     12.84%     87.14% |         933     12.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total         7257                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      498985     46.52%     46.52% |           0      0.00%     46.52% |       74158      6.91%     53.43% |       72556      6.76%     60.19% |       68461      6.38%     66.58% |       74291      6.93%     73.50% |       73642      6.87%     80.37% |       68973      6.43%     86.80% |       71167      6.63%     93.43% |       70478      6.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1072711                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.L1_Replacement::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_Exclusive |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_Exclusive::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |         988     10.89%     10.89% |           0      0.00%     10.89% |        1209     13.33%     24.23% |        1027     11.32%     35.55% |         725      7.99%     43.54% |        1183     13.04%     56.59% |        1073     11.83%     68.42% |         709      7.82%     76.24% |        1104     12.17%     88.41% |        1051     11.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         9069                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           56                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         133      2.18%      2.18% |           0      0.00%      2.18% |         819     13.45%     15.63% |         785     12.89%     28.52% |         702     11.53%     40.04% |         796     13.07%     53.11% |         709     11.64%     64.75% |         600      9.85%     74.60% |         833     13.68%     88.28% |         714     11.72%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         6091                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     11.11%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           1     11.11%     22.22% |           4     44.44%     66.67% |           2     22.22%     88.89% |           1     11.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6     18.75%     18.75% |           5     15.62%     34.38% |           0      0.00%     34.38% |           9     28.12%     62.50% |           3      9.38%     71.88% |           2      6.25%     78.12% |           6     18.75%     96.88% |           1      3.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX::total           32                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          37     12.67%     12.67% |          26      8.90%     21.58% |          19      6.51%     28.08% |          45     15.41%     43.49% |          42     14.38%     57.88% |          41     14.04%     71.92% |          39     13.36%     85.27% |          43     14.73%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total          292                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      686006     26.26%     26.26% |           0      0.00%     26.26% |      253654      9.71%     35.97% |      242779      9.29%     45.26% |      230566      8.83%     54.08% |      251032      9.61%     63.69% |      244634      9.36%     73.06% |      228595      8.75%     81.81% |      240884      9.22%     91.03% |      234459      8.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      2612609                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          43     12.91%     12.91% |          31      9.31%     22.22% |          20      6.01%     28.23% |          54     16.22%     44.44% |          46     13.81%     58.26% |          47     14.11%     72.37% |          47     14.11%     86.49% |          45     13.51%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total          333                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3856      3.12%      3.12% |        3691      2.99%      6.11% |        3428      2.77%      8.88% |        3495      2.83%     11.71% |        3476      2.81%     14.53% |        3972      3.22%     17.74% |        3700      2.99%     20.74% |        3312      2.68%     23.42% |        3509      2.84%     26.26% |        5107      4.13%     30.39% |        3873      3.13%     33.53% |        3791      3.07%     36.59% |        3481      2.82%     39.41% |        4382      3.55%     42.96% |        3832      3.10%     46.06% |        3778      3.06%     49.12% |        4112      3.33%     52.45% |        4148      3.36%     55.80% |        3654      2.96%     58.76% |        3333      2.70%     61.46% |        3069      2.48%     63.94% |        3734      3.02%     66.97% |        3513      2.84%     69.81% |        3355      2.72%     72.52% |        3600      2.91%     75.44% |        3721      3.01%     78.45% |        3238      2.62%     81.07% |        4609      3.73%     84.80% |        3987      3.23%     88.03% |        5239      4.24%     92.27% |        5112      4.14%     96.41% |        4438      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       123545                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      118007      6.34%      6.34% |       56948      3.06%      9.41% |       55914      3.01%     12.41% |       56710      3.05%     15.46% |       56063      3.01%     18.48% |       55933      3.01%     21.48% |       55499      2.98%     24.47% |       55547      2.99%     27.45% |       55514      2.98%     30.44% |       55970      3.01%     33.45% |       57804      3.11%     36.56% |       57095      3.07%     39.63% |       56495      3.04%     42.66% |       55598      2.99%     45.65% |       55075      2.96%     48.61% |       55334      2.98%     51.59% |       56284      3.03%     54.62% |       55825      3.00%     57.62% |       56167      3.02%     60.64% |       56322      3.03%     63.67% |       56351      3.03%     66.69% |       57366      3.08%     69.78% |       56420      3.03%     72.81% |       55670      2.99%     75.81% |       55719      3.00%     78.80% |       56195      3.02%     81.82% |       55790      3.00%     84.82% |       55498      2.98%     87.81% |       56077      3.02%     90.82% |       55445      2.98%     93.80% |       56098      3.02%     96.82% |       59164      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total      1859897                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       42308      3.94%      3.94% |       33323      3.11%      7.05% |       33105      3.09%     10.14% |       33341      3.11%     13.24% |       33117      3.09%     16.33% |       32960      3.07%     19.40% |       33267      3.10%     22.50% |       32998      3.08%     25.58% |       33025      3.08%     28.66% |       33646      3.14%     31.79% |       32968      3.07%     34.87% |       33012      3.08%     37.94% |       33207      3.10%     41.04% |       32766      3.05%     44.09% |       32795      3.06%     47.15% |       32882      3.07%     50.22% |       33030      3.08%     53.30% |       32957      3.07%     56.37% |       33356      3.11%     59.48% |       33340      3.11%     62.58% |       33191      3.09%     65.68% |       34275      3.19%     68.87% |       33085      3.08%     71.96% |       33201      3.09%     75.05% |       33188      3.09%     78.15% |       33116      3.09%     81.23% |       33255      3.10%     84.33% |       33219      3.10%     87.43% |       33066      3.08%     90.51% |       32983      3.07%     93.59% |       35141      3.28%     96.86% |       33677      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1072800                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           4     19.05%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           5     23.81%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           4     19.05%     71.43% |           2      9.52%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           2      9.52%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      150322      5.75%      5.75% |       80459      3.08%      8.83% |       79245      3.03%     11.86% |       80059      3.06%     14.93% |       79348      3.04%     17.96% |       78980      3.02%     20.99% |       79074      3.03%     24.01% |       78716      3.01%     27.02% |       78603      3.01%     30.03% |       79706      3.05%     33.08% |       80856      3.09%     36.18% |       80148      3.07%     39.24% |       79728      3.05%     42.29% |       78484      3.00%     45.30% |       78007      2.99%     48.28% |       78272      3.00%     51.28% |       79197      3.03%     54.31% |       78540      3.01%     57.31% |       79393      3.04%     60.35% |       79604      3.05%     63.40% |       79432      3.04%     66.44% |       81325      3.11%     69.55% |       79335      3.04%     72.59% |       78800      3.02%     75.60% |       78825      3.02%     78.62% |       79228      3.03%     81.65% |       79060      3.03%     84.68% |       78752      3.01%     87.69% |       79186      3.03%     90.72% |       78411      3.00%     93.72% |       81234      3.11%     96.83% |       82867      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      2613196                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      2.04%      2.04% |           2      4.08%      6.12% |           1      2.04%      8.16% |           0      0.00%      8.16% |           4      8.16%     16.33% |           1      2.04%     18.37% |           1      2.04%     20.41% |           2      4.08%     24.49% |           1      2.04%     26.53% |           1      2.04%     28.57% |           1      2.04%     30.61% |           1      2.04%     32.65% |           3      6.12%     38.78% |           1      2.04%     40.82% |           0      0.00%     40.82% |           2      4.08%     44.90% |           5     10.20%     55.10% |           1      2.04%     57.14% |           2      4.08%     61.22% |           2      4.08%     65.31% |           2      4.08%     69.39% |           1      2.04%     71.43% |           2      4.08%     75.51% |           0      0.00%     75.51% |           2      4.08%     79.59% |           3      6.12%     85.71% |           2      4.08%     89.80% |           4      8.16%     97.96% |           0      0.00%     97.96% |           1      2.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total           49                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       28178      4.02%      4.02% |       21675      3.09%      7.12% |       21698      3.10%     10.21% |       21694      3.10%     13.31% |       21667      3.09%     16.40% |       21674      3.09%     19.50% |       21679      3.09%     22.59% |       21685      3.10%     25.68% |       21694      3.10%     28.78% |       21696      3.10%     31.88% |       21712      3.10%     34.98% |       21697      3.10%     38.07% |       21682      3.09%     41.17% |       21684      3.10%     44.26% |       21676      3.09%     47.36% |       21682      3.09%     50.45% |       21708      3.10%     53.55% |       21692      3.10%     56.65% |       21699      3.10%     59.74% |       21695      3.10%     62.84% |       21686      3.10%     65.94% |       21702      3.10%     69.03% |       21700      3.10%     72.13% |       21700      3.10%     75.23% |       21708      3.10%     78.33% |       21708      3.10%     81.43% |       21702      3.10%     84.52% |       21687      3.10%     87.62% |       21698      3.10%     90.72% |       21683      3.09%     93.81% |       21682      3.09%     96.91% |       21683      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       700606                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       17835      3.15%      3.15% |       17683      3.13%      6.28% |       17715      3.13%      9.41% |       17661      3.12%     12.53% |       17669      3.12%     15.66% |       17639      3.12%     18.78% |       17655      3.12%     21.90% |       17699      3.13%     25.03% |       17664      3.12%     28.15% |       17702      3.13%     31.28% |       17729      3.13%     34.41% |       17634      3.12%     37.53% |       17713      3.13%     40.66% |       17670      3.12%     43.79% |       17720      3.13%     46.92% |       17638      3.12%     50.04% |       17666      3.12%     53.16% |       17667      3.12%     56.28% |       17688      3.13%     59.41% |       17601      3.11%     62.52% |       17676      3.12%     65.65% |       17715      3.13%     68.78% |       17682      3.13%     71.90% |       17612      3.11%     75.02% |       17694      3.13%     78.15% |       17686      3.13%     81.27% |       17692      3.13%     84.40% |       17618      3.11%     87.52% |       17680      3.13%     90.64% |       17685      3.13%     93.77% |       17636      3.12%     96.89% |       17615      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       565639                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       47124      3.63%      3.63% |       40406      3.11%      6.73% |       40459      3.11%      9.85% |       40401      3.11%     12.96% |       40380      3.11%     16.06% |       40358      3.11%     19.17% |       40380      3.11%     22.27% |       40430      3.11%     25.38% |       40404      3.11%     28.49% |       40445      3.11%     31.60% |       40486      3.11%     34.72% |       40376      3.11%     37.83% |       40440      3.11%     40.94% |       40399      3.11%     44.05% |       40441      3.11%     47.16% |       40365      3.11%     50.26% |       40419      3.11%     53.37% |       40405      3.11%     56.48% |       40433      3.11%     59.59% |       40342      3.10%     62.69% |       40408      3.11%     65.80% |       40464      3.11%     68.92% |       40428      3.11%     72.03% |       40357      3.10%     75.13% |       40448      3.11%     78.24% |       40441      3.11%     81.36% |       40440      3.11%     84.47% |       40349      3.10%     87.57% |       40423      3.11%     90.68% |       40414      3.11%     93.79% |       40364      3.11%     96.90% |       40345      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1299774                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       46100      3.64%      3.64% |       39382      3.11%      6.75% |       39435      3.11%      9.86% |       39377      3.11%     12.97% |       39356      3.11%     16.07% |       39334      3.10%     19.18% |       39356      3.11%     22.28% |       39406      3.11%     25.39% |       39380      3.11%     28.50% |       39421      3.11%     31.61% |       39462      3.11%     34.73% |       39352      3.11%     37.83% |       39416      3.11%     40.95% |       39375      3.11%     44.05% |       39417      3.11%     47.16% |       39341      3.11%     50.27% |       39395      3.11%     53.38% |       39381      3.11%     56.49% |       39409      3.11%     59.60% |       39318      3.10%     62.70% |       39384      3.11%     65.81% |       39440      3.11%     68.92% |       39404      3.11%     72.03% |       39333      3.10%     75.14% |       39424      3.11%     78.25% |       39417      3.11%     81.36% |       39416      3.11%     84.47% |       39325      3.10%     87.57% |       39399      3.11%     90.68% |       39390      3.11%     93.79% |       39340      3.10%     96.90% |       39321      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1267006                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          63     11.45%     11.45% |          17      3.09%     14.55% |          16      2.91%     17.45% |          17      3.09%     20.55% |          16      2.91%     23.45% |          10      1.82%     25.27% |           8      1.45%     26.73% |           7      1.27%     28.00% |          12      2.18%     30.18% |          18      3.27%     33.45% |          13      2.36%     35.82% |          17      3.09%     38.91% |           8      1.45%     40.36% |          11      2.00%     42.36% |           6      1.09%     43.45% |          11      2.00%     45.45% |           8      1.45%     46.91% |          12      2.18%     49.09% |           9      1.64%     50.73% |          25      4.55%     55.27% |          43      7.82%     63.09% |          48      8.73%     71.82% |           8      1.45%     73.27% |          18      3.27%     76.55% |          11      2.00%     78.55% |          16      2.91%     81.45% |          11      2.00%     83.45% |          21      3.82%     87.27% |          22      4.00%     91.27% |          18      3.27%     94.55% |          16      2.91%     97.45% |          14      2.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          550                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |        1888      3.06%      3.06% |        1877      3.04%      6.11% |        1905      3.09%      9.19% |        1934      3.14%     12.33% |        1898      3.08%     15.41% |        1897      3.08%     18.48% |        1913      3.10%     21.59% |        1888      3.06%     24.65% |        1939      3.14%     27.79% |        1932      3.13%     30.93% |        1915      3.11%     34.03% |        1927      3.12%     37.16% |        1937      3.14%     40.30% |        1916      3.11%     43.40% |        1920      3.11%     46.52% |        1924      3.12%     49.64% |        1985      3.22%     52.86% |        1967      3.19%     56.05% |        1959      3.18%     59.22% |        1954      3.17%     62.39% |        1984      3.22%     65.61% |        1921      3.12%     68.72% |        1959      3.18%     71.90% |        1935      3.14%     75.04% |        1940      3.15%     78.18% |        1895      3.07%     81.26% |        1932      3.13%     84.39% |        1926      3.12%     87.51% |        1939      3.14%     90.66% |        1912      3.10%     93.76% |        1941      3.15%     96.90% |        1909      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total        61668                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |        2823      3.21%      3.21% |        2795      3.18%      6.39% |        2755      3.13%      9.52% |        2820      3.21%     12.73% |        2730      3.11%     15.84% |        2742      3.12%     18.96% |        2731      3.11%     22.06% |        2736      3.11%     25.18% |        2756      3.14%     28.31% |        2752      3.13%     31.44% |        2736      3.11%     34.55% |        2733      3.11%     37.66% |        2665      3.03%     40.69% |        2647      3.01%     43.71% |        2605      2.96%     46.67% |        2631      2.99%     49.66% |        2741      3.12%     52.78% |        2772      3.15%     55.93% |        2725      3.10%     59.03% |        2741      3.12%     62.15% |        2715      3.09%     65.24% |        2728      3.10%     68.34% |        2728      3.10%     71.45% |        2771      3.15%     74.60% |        2804      3.19%     77.79% |        2783      3.17%     80.95% |        2753      3.13%     84.09% |        2785      3.17%     87.25% |        2775      3.16%     90.41% |        2796      3.18%     93.59% |        2787      3.17%     96.76% |        2847      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total        87908                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        2515      3.18%      3.18% |        2416      3.06%      6.24% |        2438      3.09%      9.33% |        2448      3.10%     12.42% |        2435      3.08%     15.51% |        2388      3.02%     18.53% |        2424      3.07%     21.59% |        2453      3.10%     24.70% |        2472      3.13%     27.83% |        2441      3.09%     30.92% |        2478      3.14%     34.05% |        2475      3.13%     37.18% |        2517      3.19%     40.37% |        2453      3.10%     43.47% |        2449      3.10%     46.57% |        2440      3.09%     49.66% |        2514      3.18%     52.84% |        2511      3.18%     56.02% |        2494      3.16%     59.18% |        2461      3.11%     62.29% |        2483      3.14%     65.43% |        2504      3.17%     68.60% |        2482      3.14%     71.74% |        2432      3.08%     74.82% |        2508      3.17%     78.00% |        2495      3.16%     81.15% |        2500      3.16%     84.32% |        2444      3.09%     87.41% |        2495      3.16%     90.57% |        2484      3.14%     93.71% |        2515      3.18%     96.89% |        2455      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        79019                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        1888      3.06%      3.06% |        1877      3.04%      6.11% |        1904      3.09%      9.19% |        1934      3.14%     12.33% |        1898      3.08%     15.41% |        1897      3.08%     18.48% |        1913      3.10%     21.58% |        1888      3.06%     24.65% |        1939      3.14%     27.79% |        1932      3.13%     30.92% |        1915      3.11%     34.03% |        1927      3.12%     37.15% |        1937      3.14%     40.29% |        1916      3.11%     43.40% |        1920      3.11%     46.51% |        1924      3.12%     49.63% |        1985      3.22%     52.85% |        1967      3.19%     56.04% |        1959      3.18%     59.22% |        1954      3.17%     62.39% |        1984      3.22%     65.61% |        1921      3.12%     68.72% |        1959      3.18%     71.90% |        1935      3.14%     75.03% |        1940      3.15%     78.18% |        1897      3.08%     81.26% |        1932      3.13%     84.39% |        1926      3.12%     87.51% |        1939      3.14%     90.66% |        1912      3.10%     93.76% |        1941      3.15%     96.90% |        1909      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total        61669                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      153327      5.66%      5.66% |       83374      3.08%      8.74% |       82163      3.03%     11.78% |       83033      3.07%     14.84% |       82286      3.04%     17.88% |       81932      3.03%     20.91% |       81992      3.03%     23.93% |       81633      3.01%     26.95% |       81567      3.01%     29.96% |       82672      3.05%     33.01% |       83811      3.10%     36.11% |       83105      3.07%     39.18% |       82705      3.05%     42.23% |       81446      3.01%     45.24% |       80916      2.99%     48.23% |       81233      3.00%     51.23% |       82183      3.03%     54.26% |       81517      3.01%     57.27% |       82335      3.04%     60.31% |       82569      3.05%     63.36% |       82476      3.05%     66.41% |       84357      3.12%     69.52% |       82303      3.04%     72.56% |       81756      3.02%     75.58% |       81776      3.02%     78.60% |       82124      3.03%     81.64% |       81988      3.03%     84.66% |       81705      3.02%     87.68% |       82199      3.04%     90.72% |       81364      3.00%     93.72% |       84201      3.11%     96.83% |       85822      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2707870                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         174     11.42%     11.42% |          48      3.15%     14.57% |          44      2.89%     17.45% |          44      2.89%     20.34% |          40      2.62%     22.97% |          42      2.76%     25.72% |          44      2.89%     28.61% |          44      2.89%     31.50% |          44      2.89%     34.38% |          46      3.02%     37.40% |          42      2.76%     40.16% |          42      2.76%     42.91% |          42      2.76%     45.67% |          42      2.76%     48.43% |          42      2.76%     51.18% |          42      2.76%     53.94% |          42      2.76%     56.69% |          44      2.89%     59.58% |          44      2.89%     62.47% |          44      2.89%     65.35% |          44      2.89%     68.24% |          46      3.02%     71.26% |          44      2.89%     74.15% |          42      2.76%     76.90% |          44      2.89%     79.79% |          46      3.02%     82.81% |          44      2.89%     85.70% |          42      2.76%     88.45% |          42      2.76%     91.21% |          44      2.89%     94.09% |          44      2.89%     96.98% |          46      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1524                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         471      3.25%      3.25% |         418      2.88%      6.13% |         425      2.93%      9.06% |         421      2.90%     11.97% |         431      2.97%     14.94% |         408      2.81%     17.75% |         430      2.97%     20.72% |         476      3.28%     24.00% |         447      3.08%     27.09% |         432      2.98%     30.07% |         459      3.17%     33.23% |         459      3.17%     36.40% |         488      3.37%     39.76% |         468      3.23%     42.99% |         480      3.31%     46.30% |         468      3.23%     49.53% |         480      3.31%     52.84% |         484      3.34%     56.18% |         481      3.32%     59.50% |         449      3.10%     62.59% |         437      3.01%     65.61% |         463      3.19%     68.80% |         425      2.93%     71.73% |         427      2.95%     74.68% |         475      3.28%     77.96% |         498      3.43%     81.39% |         475      3.28%     84.67% |         429      2.96%     87.63% |         451      3.11%     90.74% |         463      3.19%     93.93% |         457      3.15%     97.08% |         423      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        14498                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       24658      4.23%      4.23% |       18042      3.10%      7.33% |       18087      3.10%     10.43% |       18024      3.09%     13.52% |       18009      3.09%     16.61% |       18000      3.09%     19.70% |       17999      3.09%     22.79% |       18011      3.09%     25.88% |       18003      3.09%     28.97% |       18059      3.10%     32.07% |       18089      3.10%     35.17% |       17954      3.08%     38.25% |       18005      3.09%     41.34% |       17988      3.09%     44.43% |       18020      3.09%     47.52% |       17956      3.08%     50.60% |       17989      3.09%     53.69% |       17965      3.08%     56.77% |       17998      3.09%     59.86% |       17943      3.08%     62.94% |       17999      3.09%     66.02% |       18015      3.09%     69.12% |       18059      3.10%     72.21% |       17980      3.09%     75.30% |       18013      3.09%     78.39% |       17993      3.09%     81.48% |       18005      3.09%     84.57% |       17979      3.08%     87.65% |       18029      3.09%     90.74% |       18006      3.09%     93.83% |       17953      3.08%     96.91% |       17985      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       582815                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       21995      3.13%      3.13% |       21946      3.12%      6.26% |       21947      3.12%      9.38% |       21956      3.13%     12.51% |       21940      3.12%     15.63% |       21950      3.12%     18.75% |       21951      3.12%     21.88% |       21943      3.12%     25.00% |       21954      3.13%     28.13% |       21954      3.13%     31.25% |       21938      3.12%     34.38% |       21963      3.13%     37.50% |       21947      3.12%     40.63% |       21943      3.12%     43.75% |       21941      3.12%     46.87% |       21941      3.12%     50.00% |       21950      3.12%     53.12% |       21956      3.13%     56.25% |       21954      3.13%     59.37% |       21950      3.12%     62.50% |       21972      3.13%     65.63% |       21986      3.13%     68.75% |       21944      3.12%     71.88% |       21950      3.12%     75.00% |       21960      3.13%     78.13% |       21950      3.12%     81.25% |       21960      3.13%     84.38% |       21942      3.12%     87.50% |       21943      3.12%     90.63% |       21945      3.12%     93.75% |       21954      3.13%     96.88% |       21937      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       702462                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           2     25.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           1     12.50%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     12.50%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           1     12.50%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     12.50%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3380      3.10%      3.10% |        3265      3.00%      6.10% |        2996      2.75%      8.85% |        3066      2.82%     11.67% |        3043      2.79%     14.47% |        3558      3.27%     17.73% |        3265      3.00%     20.73% |        2812      2.58%     23.31% |        3062      2.81%     26.13% |        4674      4.29%     30.42% |        3411      3.13%     33.55% |        3329      3.06%     36.61% |        2989      2.75%     39.35% |        3914      3.59%     42.95% |        3345      3.07%     46.02% |        3310      3.04%     49.06% |        3632      3.34%     52.40% |        3663      3.36%     55.76% |        3162      2.90%     58.67% |        2880      2.65%     61.31% |        2631      2.42%     63.73% |        3271      3.00%     66.73% |        3086      2.83%     69.57% |        2926      2.69%     72.25% |        3121      2.87%     75.12% |        3218      2.96%     78.08% |        2761      2.54%     80.61% |        4179      3.84%     84.45% |        3520      3.23%     87.68% |        4763      4.37%     92.06% |        4635      4.26%     96.31% |        4014      3.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       108881                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        4839      3.12%      3.12% |        4793      3.09%      6.22% |        4718      3.05%      9.26% |        4860      3.14%     12.40% |        4750      3.07%     15.47% |        4856      3.14%     18.60% |        4635      2.99%     21.60% |        4746      3.06%     24.66% |        4743      3.06%     27.72% |        4741      3.06%     30.78% |        4776      3.08%     33.87% |        4804      3.10%     36.97% |        4760      3.07%     40.04% |        4720      3.05%     43.09% |        4766      3.08%     46.17% |        4783      3.09%     49.26% |        4867      3.14%     52.40% |        5004      3.23%     55.63% |        4978      3.21%     58.84% |        4877      3.15%     61.99% |        4772      3.08%     65.07% |        4975      3.21%     68.29% |        4954      3.20%     71.48% |        4933      3.18%     74.67% |        4929      3.18%     77.85% |        5035      3.25%     81.10% |        4887      3.16%     84.26% |        4876      3.15%     87.41% |        4795      3.10%     90.50% |        4933      3.18%     93.69% |        4881      3.15%     96.84% |        4898      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total       154884                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      4.00%      4.00% |           4     16.00%     20.00% |           2      8.00%     28.00% |           4     16.00%     44.00% |           1      4.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           1      4.00%     52.00% |           1      4.00%     56.00% |           0      0.00%     56.00% |           4     16.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           5     20.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           1      4.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           1      4.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           25                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           4     19.05%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           5     23.81%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           4     19.05%     71.43% |           2      9.52%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           2      9.52%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           4      1.41%      1.41% |           5      1.76%      3.17% |           9      3.17%      6.34% |           4      1.41%      7.75% |           8      2.82%     10.56% |          10      3.52%     14.08% |           6      2.11%     16.20% |           5      1.76%     17.96% |           7      2.46%     20.42% |           2      0.70%     21.13% |           7      2.46%     23.59% |          16      5.63%     29.23% |          10      3.52%     32.75% |          14      4.93%     37.68% |          10      3.52%     41.20% |          15      5.28%     46.48% |          16      5.63%     52.11% |           6      2.11%     54.23% |           7      2.46%     56.69% |          10      3.52%     60.21% |          11      3.87%     64.08% |           6      2.11%     66.20% |           8      2.82%     69.01% |          15      5.28%     74.30% |          20      7.04%     81.34% |           8      2.82%     84.15% |          12      4.23%     88.38% |          10      3.52%     91.90% |           5      1.76%     93.66% |           5      1.76%     95.42% |           7      2.46%     97.89% |           6      2.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total          284                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     11.11%     11.11% |           1      5.56%     16.67% |           1      5.56%     22.22% |           1      5.56%     27.78% |           2     11.11%     38.89% |           1      5.56%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      5.56%     50.00% |           1      5.56%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      5.56%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           1      5.56%     77.78% |           3     16.67%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |        2420      3.17%      3.17% |        2336      3.06%      6.22% |        2358      3.08%      9.31% |        2380      3.11%     12.42% |        2368      3.10%     15.52% |        2315      3.03%     18.55% |        2356      3.08%     21.63% |        2383      3.12%     24.74% |        2401      3.14%     27.89% |        2365      3.09%     30.98% |        2365      3.09%     34.07% |        2394      3.13%     37.21% |        2437      3.19%     40.39% |        2369      3.10%     43.49% |        2368      3.10%     46.59% |        2357      3.08%     49.67% |        2436      3.19%     52.86% |        2432      3.18%     56.04% |        2418      3.16%     59.20% |        2391      3.13%     62.33% |        2409      3.15%     65.48% |        2393      3.13%     68.61% |        2385      3.12%     71.73% |        2365      3.09%     74.83% |        2431      3.18%     78.01% |        2420      3.17%     81.17% |        2417      3.16%     84.33% |        2363      3.09%     87.43% |        2408      3.15%     90.58% |        2410      3.15%     93.73% |        2427      3.17%     96.90% |        2367      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        76444                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      5.15%      5.15% |           8      8.25%     13.40% |           7      7.22%     20.62% |           8      8.25%     28.87% |           2      2.06%     30.93% |           6      6.19%     37.11% |           5      5.15%     42.27% |           1      1.03%     43.30% |           0      0.00%     43.30% |           1      1.03%     44.33% |           3      3.09%     47.42% |           3      3.09%     50.52% |           4      4.12%     54.64% |           0      0.00%     54.64% |           7      7.22%     61.86% |           0      0.00%     61.86% |           0      0.00%     61.86% |           1      1.03%     62.89% |          11     11.34%     74.23% |           4      4.12%     78.35% |           1      1.03%     79.38% |           0      0.00%     79.38% |           2      2.06%     81.44% |           2      2.06%     83.51% |           4      4.12%     87.63% |           5      5.15%     92.78% |           2      2.06%     94.85% |           1      1.03%     95.88% |           2      2.06%     97.94% |           0      0.00%     97.94% |           1      1.03%     98.97% |           1      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           97                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       86453      8.19%      8.19% |       32092      3.04%     11.23% |       31051      2.94%     14.18% |       31748      3.01%     17.18% |       31253      2.96%     20.15% |       31049      2.94%     23.09% |       30815      2.92%     26.01% |       30734      2.91%     28.92% |       30648      2.90%     31.82% |       31069      2.94%     34.77% |       32846      3.11%     37.88% |       32243      3.06%     40.94% |       31613      3.00%     43.93% |       30800      2.92%     46.85% |       30208      2.86%     49.71% |       30510      2.89%     52.60% |       31269      2.96%     55.57% |       30709      2.91%     58.48% |       31077      2.94%     61.42% |       31380      2.97%     64.39% |       31412      2.98%     67.37% |       32202      3.05%     70.42% |       31261      2.96%     73.38% |       30670      2.91%     76.29% |       30667      2.91%     79.20% |       31113      2.95%     82.14% |       30809      2.92%     85.06% |       30575      2.90%     87.96% |       31176      2.95%     90.92% |       30451      2.89%     93.80% |       31182      2.95%     96.76% |       34235      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total      1055320                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       19463      5.67%      5.67% |       10527      3.07%      8.74% |       10326      3.01%     11.75% |       10521      3.07%     14.82% |       10319      3.01%     17.83% |       10128      2.95%     20.78% |       10484      3.06%     23.84% |       10194      2.97%     26.81% |       10217      2.98%     29.79% |       10849      3.16%     32.95% |       10203      2.97%     35.92% |       10190      2.97%     38.89% |       10391      3.03%     41.92% |        9946      2.90%     44.82% |       10025      2.92%     47.75% |       10066      2.93%     50.68% |       10231      2.98%     53.66% |       10159      2.96%     56.62% |       10571      3.08%     59.71% |       10538      3.07%     62.78% |       10325      3.01%     65.79% |       11397      3.32%     69.11% |       10308      3.00%     72.11% |       10379      3.03%     75.14% |       10369      3.02%     78.16% |       10328      3.01%     81.17% |       10462      3.05%     84.22% |       10431      3.04%     87.26% |       10259      2.99%     90.25% |       10186      2.97%     93.22% |       12355      3.60%     96.83% |       10889      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       343036                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       28174      4.02%      4.02% |       21658      3.09%      7.12% |       21689      3.10%     10.21% |       21684      3.10%     13.31% |       21654      3.09%     16.40% |       21666      3.09%     19.50% |       21670      3.09%     22.59% |       21681      3.10%     25.69% |       21687      3.10%     28.78% |       21681      3.10%     31.88% |       21699      3.10%     34.98% |       21684      3.10%     38.07% |       21678      3.10%     41.17% |       21676      3.10%     44.27% |       21670      3.09%     47.36% |       21677      3.10%     50.46% |       21704      3.10%     53.55% |       21686      3.10%     56.65% |       21693      3.10%     59.75% |       21679      3.10%     62.84% |       21670      3.09%     65.94% |       21684      3.10%     69.04% |       21691      3.10%     72.13% |       21691      3.10%     75.23% |       21698      3.10%     78.33% |       21694      3.10%     81.43% |       21697      3.10%     84.53% |       21675      3.10%     87.62% |       21677      3.10%     90.72% |       21670      3.09%     93.81% |       21672      3.09%     96.91% |       21670      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       700279                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       15315      3.15%      3.15% |       15267      3.14%      6.29% |       15269      3.14%      9.43% |       15206      3.13%     12.55% |       15231      3.13%     15.68% |       15249      3.13%     18.82% |       15232      3.13%     21.95% |       15243      3.13%     25.08% |       15187      3.12%     28.20% |       15258      3.14%     31.34% |       15251      3.14%     34.48% |       15155      3.12%     37.59% |       15192      3.12%     40.71% |       15214      3.13%     43.84% |       15271      3.14%     46.98% |       15192      3.12%     50.10% |       15148      3.11%     53.22% |       15150      3.11%     56.33% |       15191      3.12%     59.46% |       15131      3.11%     62.57% |       15166      3.12%     65.68% |       15181      3.12%     68.80% |       15201      3.12%     71.93% |       15171      3.12%     75.05% |       15185      3.12%     78.17% |       15191      3.12%     81.29% |       15186      3.12%     84.41% |       15165      3.12%     87.53% |       15184      3.12%     90.65% |       15196      3.12%     93.78% |       15115      3.11%     96.88% |       15159      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       486452                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          33      4.66%      4.66% |          24      3.39%      8.05% |          22      3.11%     11.16% |          22      3.11%     14.27% |          20      2.82%     17.09% |          21      2.97%     20.06% |          22      3.11%     23.16% |          22      3.11%     26.27% |          22      3.11%     29.38% |          23      3.25%     32.63% |          21      2.97%     35.59% |          21      2.97%     38.56% |          21      2.97%     41.53% |          21      2.97%     44.49% |          21      2.97%     47.46% |          21      2.97%     50.42% |          21      2.97%     53.39% |          22      3.11%     56.50% |          22      3.11%     59.60% |          22      3.11%     62.71% |          22      3.11%     65.82% |          23      3.25%     69.07% |          22      3.11%     72.18% |          21      2.97%     75.14% |          22      3.11%     78.25% |          23      3.25%     81.50% |          22      3.11%     84.60% |          21      2.97%     87.57% |          21      2.97%     90.54% |          22      3.11%     93.64% |          22      3.11%     96.75% |          23      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        1888      3.06%      3.06% |        1877      3.04%      6.11% |        1904      3.09%      9.19% |        1934      3.14%     12.33% |        1898      3.08%     15.41% |        1897      3.08%     18.48% |        1913      3.10%     21.58% |        1888      3.06%     24.65% |        1939      3.14%     27.79% |        1932      3.13%     30.92% |        1915      3.11%     34.03% |        1927      3.12%     37.15% |        1937      3.14%     40.29% |        1916      3.11%     43.40% |        1920      3.11%     46.51% |        1924      3.12%     49.63% |        1985      3.22%     52.85% |        1967      3.19%     56.04% |        1959      3.18%     59.22% |        1954      3.17%     62.39% |        1984      3.22%     65.61% |        1921      3.12%     68.72% |        1959      3.18%     71.90% |        1935      3.14%     75.03% |        1940      3.15%     78.18% |        1897      3.08%     81.26% |        1932      3.13%     84.39% |        1926      3.12%     87.51% |        1939      3.14%     90.66% |        1912      3.10%     93.76% |        1941      3.15%     96.90% |        1909      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total        61669                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |         849      3.12%      3.12% |         843      3.10%      6.22% |         830      3.05%      9.28% |         860      3.16%     12.44% |         857      3.15%     15.59% |         881      3.24%     18.83% |         828      3.05%     21.88% |         859      3.16%     25.04% |         853      3.14%     28.17% |         839      3.09%     31.26% |         826      3.04%     34.30% |         859      3.16%     37.46% |         865      3.18%     40.64% |         877      3.23%     43.86% |         824      3.03%     46.90% |         872      3.21%     50.10% |         849      3.12%     53.23% |         841      3.09%     56.32% |         826      3.04%     59.36% |         851      3.13%     62.49% |         868      3.19%     65.68% |         869      3.20%     68.88% |         829      3.05%     71.93% |         871      3.20%     75.13% |         858      3.16%     78.28% |         836      3.07%     81.36% |         832      3.06%     84.42% |         846      3.11%     87.53% |         864      3.18%     90.71% |         850      3.13%     93.84% |         827      3.04%     96.88% |         849      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total        27188                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      150314      5.75%      5.75% |       80446      3.08%      8.83% |       79227      3.03%     11.87% |       80050      3.06%     14.93% |       79335      3.04%     17.97% |       78959      3.02%     20.99% |       79062      3.03%     24.01% |       78702      3.01%     27.03% |       78586      3.01%     30.03% |       79701      3.05%     33.09% |       80842      3.09%     36.18% |       80115      3.07%     39.25% |       79709      3.05%     42.30% |       78453      3.00%     45.30% |       77988      2.99%     48.28% |       78242      2.99%     51.28% |       79162      3.03%     54.31% |       78529      3.01%     57.32% |       79381      3.04%     60.35% |       79582      3.05%     63.40% |       79407      3.04%     66.44% |       81312      3.11%     69.55% |       79315      3.04%     72.59% |       78772      3.02%     75.60% |       78785      3.02%     78.62% |       79211      3.03%     81.65% |       79035      3.03%     84.67% |       78733      3.01%     87.69% |       79177      3.03%     90.72% |       78400      3.00%     93.72% |       81221      3.11%     96.83% |       82856      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      2612609                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      3.12%      3.12% |           0      0.00%      3.12% |           1      3.12%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           1      3.12%      9.38% |           1      3.12%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           1      3.12%     15.62% |           1      3.12%     18.75% |           1      3.12%     21.88% |           1      3.12%     25.00% |           1      3.12%     28.12% |           1      3.12%     31.25% |           0      0.00%     31.25% |           2      6.25%     37.50% |           3      9.38%     46.88% |           1      3.12%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2      6.25%     56.25% |           0      0.00%     56.25% |           1      3.12%     59.38% |           1      3.12%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           2      6.25%     68.75% |           3      9.38%     78.12% |           2      6.25%     84.38% |           4     12.50%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           1      3.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old::total           32                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           4      1.29%      1.29% |          15      4.85%      6.15% |           8      2.59%      8.74% |           9      2.91%     11.65% |          12      3.88%     15.53% |           6      1.94%     17.48% |           8      2.59%     20.06% |           4      1.29%     21.36% |           7      2.27%     23.62% |          14      4.53%     28.16% |          12      3.88%     32.04% |          13      4.21%     36.25% |           3      0.97%     37.22% |           8      2.59%     39.81% |           5      1.62%     41.42% |           5      1.62%     43.04% |           4      1.29%     44.34% |           6      1.94%     46.28% |           5      1.62%     47.90% |          16      5.18%     53.07% |          16      5.18%     58.25% |          18      5.83%     64.08% |           9      2.91%     66.99% |           9      2.91%     69.90% |           9      2.91%     72.82% |          11      3.56%     76.38% |           5      1.62%     77.99% |          12      3.88%     81.88% |          21      6.80%     88.67% |          13      4.21%     92.88% |          10      3.24%     96.12% |          12      3.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          309                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |         100      3.65%      3.65% |          80      2.92%      6.56% |          88      3.21%      9.77% |          75      2.73%     12.50% |          70      2.55%     15.06% |          75      2.73%     17.79% |          67      2.44%     20.23% |          73      2.66%     22.89% |          76      2.77%     25.67% |          79      2.88%     28.55% |         113      4.12%     32.66% |          85      3.10%     35.76% |          84      3.06%     38.83% |          87      3.17%     42.00% |          81      2.95%     44.95% |          89      3.24%     48.20% |          82      2.99%     51.18% |          85      3.10%     54.28% |          79      2.88%     57.16% |          79      2.88%     60.04% |         101      3.68%     63.73% |         141      5.14%     68.87% |          96      3.50%     72.37% |          76      2.77%     75.14% |          78      2.84%     77.98% |          75      2.73%     80.71% |          89      3.24%     83.96% |          90      3.28%     87.24% |          88      3.21%     90.45% |          79      2.88%     93.33% |          94      3.43%     96.76% |          89      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         2743                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          22     32.84%     32.84% |           0      0.00%     32.84% |           0      0.00%     32.84% |           0      0.00%     32.84% |           0      0.00%     32.84% |           0      0.00%     32.84% |           0      0.00%     32.84% |           0      0.00%     32.84% |           0      0.00%     32.84% |           0      0.00%     32.84% |           0      0.00%     32.84% |           0      0.00%     32.84% |           0      0.00%     32.84% |           0      0.00%     32.84% |           0      0.00%     32.84% |           0      0.00%     32.84% |           0      0.00%     32.84% |           0      0.00%     32.84% |           0      0.00%     32.84% |           0      0.00%     32.84% |           0      0.00%     32.84% |          14     20.90%     53.73% |          13     19.40%     73.13% |          18     26.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           67                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      0.79%      0.79% |           0      0.00%      0.79% |           2      1.57%      2.36% |           1      0.79%      3.15% |           0      0.00%      3.15% |           1      0.79%      3.94% |          29     22.83%     26.77% |           3      2.36%     29.13% |           0      0.00%     29.13% |           0      0.00%     29.13% |           2      1.57%     30.71% |           2      1.57%     32.28% |           2      1.57%     33.86% |           2      1.57%     35.43% |           2      1.57%     37.01% |           0      0.00%     37.01% |           1      0.79%     37.80% |          59     46.46%     84.25% |          16     12.60%     96.85% |           1      0.79%     97.64% |           0      0.00%     97.64% |           0      0.00%     97.64% |           1      0.79%     98.43% |           0      0.00%     98.43% |           1      0.79%     99.21% |           0      0.00%     99.21% |           1      0.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total          127                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          23     95.83%     95.83% |           1      4.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           24                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       46100      3.64%      3.64% |       39382      3.11%      6.75% |       39435      3.11%      9.86% |       39377      3.11%     12.97% |       39356      3.11%     16.07% |       39334      3.10%     19.18% |       39356      3.11%     22.28% |       39406      3.11%     25.39% |       39380      3.11%     28.50% |       39421      3.11%     31.61% |       39462      3.11%     34.73% |       39352      3.11%     37.83% |       39416      3.11%     40.95% |       39375      3.11%     44.05% |       39417      3.11%     47.16% |       39341      3.11%     50.27% |       39395      3.11%     53.38% |       39381      3.11%     56.49% |       39409      3.11%     59.60% |       39318      3.10%     62.70% |       39384      3.11%     65.81% |       39440      3.11%     68.92% |       39404      3.11%     72.03% |       39333      3.10%     75.14% |       39424      3.11%     78.25% |       39417      3.11%     81.36% |       39416      3.11%     84.47% |       39325      3.10%     87.57% |       39399      3.11%     90.68% |       39390      3.11%     93.79% |       39340      3.10%     96.90% |       39321      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1267006                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          33      4.66%      4.66% |          24      3.39%      8.05% |          22      3.11%     11.16% |          22      3.11%     14.27% |          20      2.82%     17.09% |          21      2.97%     20.06% |          22      3.11%     23.16% |          22      3.11%     26.27% |          22      3.11%     29.38% |          23      3.25%     32.63% |          21      2.97%     35.59% |          21      2.97%     38.56% |          21      2.97%     41.53% |          21      2.97%     44.49% |          21      2.97%     47.46% |          21      2.97%     50.42% |          21      2.97%     53.39% |          22      3.11%     56.50% |          22      3.11%     59.60% |          22      3.11%     62.71% |          22      3.11%     65.82% |          23      3.25%     69.07% |          22      3.11%     72.18% |          21      2.97%     75.14% |          22      3.11%     78.25% |          23      3.25%     81.50% |          22      3.11%     84.60% |          21      2.97%     87.57% |          21      2.97%     90.54% |          22      3.11%     93.64% |          22      3.11%     96.75% |          23      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          55     17.13%     17.13% |          13      4.05%     21.18% |           7      2.18%     23.36% |           8      2.49%     25.86% |          11      3.43%     29.28% |           4      1.25%     30.53% |           7      2.18%     32.71% |           3      0.93%     33.64% |           5      1.56%     35.20% |          13      4.05%     39.25% |           9      2.80%     42.06% |          13      4.05%     46.11% |           3      0.93%     47.04% |           8      2.49%     49.53% |           5      1.56%     51.09% |           5      1.56%     52.65% |           4      1.25%     53.89% |           5      1.56%     55.45% |           4      1.25%     56.70% |          16      4.98%     61.68% |          15      4.67%     66.36% |          14      4.36%     70.72% |           6      1.87%     72.59% |           9      2.80%     75.39% |           8      2.49%     77.88% |          10      3.12%     81.00% |           4      1.25%     82.24% |          10      3.12%     85.36% |          18      5.61%     90.97% |          11      3.43%     94.39% |           9      2.80%     97.20% |           9      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          321                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      7.14%      7.14% |           2      4.76%     11.90% |           1      2.38%     14.29% |           1      2.38%     16.67% |           1      2.38%     19.05% |           2      4.76%     23.81% |           1      2.38%     26.19% |           1      2.38%     28.57% |           2      4.76%     33.33% |           1      2.38%     35.71% |           3      7.14%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           1      2.38%     45.24% |           1      2.38%     47.62% |           0      0.00%     47.62% |           1      2.38%     50.00% |           4      9.52%     59.52% |           3      7.14%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      2.38%     69.05% |           1      2.38%     71.43% |           1      2.38%     73.81% |           2      4.76%     78.57% |           3      7.14%     85.71% |           2      4.76%     90.48% |           1      2.38%     92.86% |           3      7.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           42                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     10.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           8     80.00%     90.00% |           1     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      9.09%      9.09% |          20     90.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           8      3.52%      3.52% |           4      1.76%      5.29% |           9      3.96%      9.25% |           9      3.96%     13.22% |           5      2.20%     15.42% |           6      2.64%     18.06% |           1      0.44%     18.50% |           4      1.76%     20.26% |           7      3.08%     23.35% |           5      2.20%     25.55% |           4      1.76%     27.31% |           4      1.76%     29.07% |           5      2.20%     31.28% |           3      1.32%     32.60% |           1      0.44%     33.04% |           6      2.64%     35.68% |           4      1.76%     37.44% |           7      3.08%     40.53% |           5      2.20%     42.73% |           9      3.96%     46.70% |          28     12.33%     59.03% |          34     14.98%     74.01% |           2      0.88%     74.89% |           9      3.96%     78.85% |           3      1.32%     80.18% |           4      1.76%     81.94% |           7      3.08%     85.02% |          11      4.85%     89.87% |           4      1.76%     91.63% |           7      3.08%     94.71% |           7      3.08%     97.80% |           5      2.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          227                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          92      3.66%      3.66% |          76      3.02%      6.68% |          78      3.10%      9.78% |          66      2.62%     12.41% |          65      2.58%     14.99% |          69      2.74%     17.73% |          66      2.62%     20.36% |          69      2.74%     23.10% |          69      2.74%     25.84% |          74      2.94%     28.79% |         109      4.33%     33.12% |          81      3.22%     36.34% |          79      3.14%     39.48% |          84      3.34%     42.82% |          80      3.18%     46.00% |          83      3.30%     49.30% |          78      3.10%     52.41% |          78      3.10%     55.51% |          74      2.94%     58.45% |          70      2.78%     61.23% |          73      2.90%     64.14% |         107      4.25%     68.39% |          94      3.74%     72.13% |          67      2.66%     74.79% |          75      2.98%     77.77% |          71      2.82%     80.60% |          82      3.26%     83.86% |          79      3.14%     87.00% |          84      3.34%     90.34% |          72      2.86%     93.20% |          87      3.46%     96.66% |          84      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         2515                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |        2823      3.21%      3.21% |        2795      3.18%      6.39% |        2755      3.13%      9.52% |        2820      3.21%     12.73% |        2730      3.11%     15.84% |        2742      3.12%     18.96% |        2731      3.11%     22.06% |        2736      3.11%     25.18% |        2756      3.14%     28.31% |        2752      3.13%     31.44% |        2736      3.11%     34.56% |        2733      3.11%     37.66% |        2665      3.03%     40.70% |        2647      3.01%     43.71% |        2605      2.96%     46.67% |        2631      2.99%     49.66% |        2741      3.12%     52.78% |        2772      3.15%     55.93% |        2725      3.10%     59.03% |        2741      3.12%     62.15% |        2715      3.09%     65.24% |        2728      3.10%     68.34% |        2728      3.10%     71.45% |        2771      3.15%     74.60% |        2804      3.19%     77.79% |        2781      3.16%     80.95% |        2753      3.13%     84.09% |        2785      3.17%     87.25% |        2775      3.16%     90.41% |        2796      3.18%     93.59% |        2787      3.17%     96.76% |        2847      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total        87906                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |        2420      3.17%      3.17% |        2336      3.06%      6.22% |        2358      3.08%      9.31% |        2380      3.11%     12.42% |        2368      3.10%     15.52% |        2315      3.03%     18.55% |        2356      3.08%     21.63% |        2383      3.12%     24.74% |        2401      3.14%     27.89% |        2365      3.09%     30.98% |        2365      3.09%     34.07% |        2394      3.13%     37.21% |        2437      3.19%     40.39% |        2369      3.10%     43.49% |        2368      3.10%     46.59% |        2357      3.08%     49.67% |        2436      3.19%     52.86% |        2432      3.18%     56.04% |        2418      3.16%     59.20% |        2391      3.13%     62.33% |        2409      3.15%     65.48% |        2393      3.13%     68.61% |        2385      3.12%     71.73% |        2365      3.09%     74.83% |        2431      3.18%     78.01% |        2420      3.17%     81.17% |        2417      3.16%     84.33% |        2363      3.09%     87.43% |        2408      3.15%     90.58% |        2410      3.15%     93.73% |        2427      3.17%     96.90% |        2367      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        76444                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     11.11%     11.11% |           1      5.56%     16.67% |           1      5.56%     22.22% |           1      5.56%     27.78% |           2     11.11%     38.89% |           1      5.56%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      5.56%     50.00% |           1      5.56%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      5.56%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           1      5.56%     77.78% |           3     16.67%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |          93      3.10%      3.10% |          80      2.67%      5.77% |          84      2.80%      8.58% |          81      2.70%     11.28% |          93      3.10%     14.38% |          76      2.54%     16.92% |          85      2.84%     19.75% |         108      3.60%     23.36% |         108      3.60%     26.96% |          99      3.30%     30.26% |          92      3.07%     33.33% |         104      3.47%     36.80% |         120      4.00%     40.81% |         108      3.60%     44.41% |         107      3.57%     47.98% |         112      3.74%     51.72% |         105      3.50%     55.22% |         113      3.77%     58.99% |         100      3.34%     62.33% |          95      3.17%     65.50% |         100      3.34%     68.84% |         112      3.74%     72.57% |          98      3.27%     75.84% |          94      3.14%     78.98% |          92      3.07%     82.05% |          96      3.20%     85.25% |          81      2.70%     87.95% |          69      2.30%     90.26% |          74      2.47%     92.73% |          74      2.47%     95.20% |          71      2.37%     97.56% |          73      2.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total         2997                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       24565      4.24%      4.24% |       17962      3.10%      7.33% |       18003      3.10%     10.44% |       17943      3.09%     13.53% |       17916      3.09%     16.62% |       17924      3.09%     19.72% |       17914      3.09%     22.80% |       17903      3.09%     25.89% |       17895      3.09%     28.98% |       17960      3.10%     32.08% |       17997      3.10%     35.18% |       17850      3.08%     38.26% |       17885      3.08%     41.34% |       17880      3.08%     44.43% |       17913      3.09%     47.52% |       17844      3.08%     50.59% |       17884      3.08%     53.68% |       17852      3.08%     56.76% |       17898      3.09%     59.84% |       17848      3.08%     62.92% |       17899      3.09%     66.01% |       17903      3.09%     69.10% |       17961      3.10%     72.19% |       17886      3.08%     75.28% |       17921      3.09%     78.37% |       17897      3.09%     81.46% |       17924      3.09%     84.55% |       17910      3.09%     87.64% |       17955      3.10%     90.73% |       17932      3.09%     93.83% |       17882      3.08%     96.91% |       17912      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       579818                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         564      3.22%      3.22% |         498      2.85%      6.07% |         509      2.91%      8.98% |         502      2.87%     11.85% |         524      3.00%     14.85% |         484      2.77%     17.61% |         515      2.94%     20.56% |         584      3.34%     23.89% |         555      3.17%     27.07% |         531      3.04%     30.10% |         551      3.15%     33.25% |         563      3.22%     36.47% |         608      3.48%     39.95% |         576      3.29%     43.24% |         587      3.36%     46.59% |         580      3.32%     49.91% |         585      3.34%     53.25% |         597      3.41%     56.67% |         581      3.32%     59.99% |         544      3.11%     63.10% |         537      3.07%     66.17% |         575      3.29%     69.45% |         523      2.99%     72.44% |         521      2.98%     75.42% |         567      3.24%     78.66% |         594      3.40%     82.06% |         556      3.18%     85.23% |         497      2.84%     88.08% |         525      3.00%     91.08% |         537      3.07%     94.15% |         528      3.02%     97.16% |         496      2.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        17494                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      6.45%      6.45% |           0      0.00%      6.45% |           0      0.00%      6.45% |           0      0.00%      6.45% |           1      3.23%      9.68% |           4     12.90%     22.58% |           2      6.45%     29.03% |           0      0.00%     29.03% |           1      3.23%     32.26% |           0      0.00%     32.26% |           0      0.00%     32.26% |           0      0.00%     32.26% |           0      0.00%     32.26% |           4     12.90%     45.16% |           3      9.68%     54.84% |           0      0.00%     54.84% |           0      0.00%     54.84% |           0      0.00%     54.84% |           1      3.23%     58.06% |           0      0.00%     58.06% |           1      3.23%     61.29% |           4     12.90%     74.19% |           1      3.23%     77.42% |           0      0.00%     77.42% |           0      0.00%     77.42% |           0      0.00%     77.42% |           0      0.00%     77.42% |           0      0.00%     77.42% |           1      3.23%     80.65% |           4     12.90%     93.55% |           2      6.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total           31                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       21995      3.13%      3.13% |       21946      3.12%      6.26% |       21947      3.12%      9.38% |       21956      3.13%     12.51% |       21940      3.12%     15.63% |       21950      3.12%     18.75% |       21951      3.12%     21.88% |       21943      3.12%     25.00% |       21954      3.13%     28.13% |       21954      3.13%     31.25% |       21938      3.12%     34.38% |       21963      3.13%     37.50% |       21947      3.12%     40.63% |       21943      3.12%     43.75% |       21941      3.12%     46.87% |       21941      3.12%     50.00% |       21950      3.12%     53.12% |       21956      3.13%     56.25% |       21954      3.13%     59.37% |       21950      3.12%     62.50% |       21972      3.13%     65.63% |       21986      3.13%     68.75% |       21944      3.12%     71.88% |       21950      3.12%     75.00% |       21960      3.13%     78.13% |       21950      3.12%     81.25% |       21960      3.13%     84.38% |       21942      3.12%     87.50% |       21943      3.12%     90.63% |       21945      3.12%     93.75% |       21954      3.13%     96.88% |       21937      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       702462                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      4.35%      4.35% |           4      8.70%     13.04% |           6     13.04%     26.09% |           5     10.87%     36.96% |           1      2.17%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           1      2.17%     41.30% |           1      2.17%     43.48% |           0      0.00%     43.48% |           4      8.70%     52.17% |           0      0.00%     52.17% |           5     10.87%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           9     19.57%     82.61% |           2      4.35%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           1      2.17%     89.13% |           0      0.00%     89.13% |           1      2.17%     91.30% |           1      2.17%     93.48% |           2      4.35%     97.83% |           0      0.00%     97.83% |           1      2.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           46                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |          73      3.57%      3.57% |          63      3.08%      6.65% |          69      3.38%     10.03% |          63      3.08%     13.11% |          58      2.84%     15.95% |          55      2.69%     18.64% |          50      2.45%     21.09% |          59      2.89%     23.97% |          73      3.57%     27.54% |          68      3.33%     30.87% |          56      2.74%     33.61% |          59      2.89%     36.50% |          59      2.89%     39.38% |          66      3.23%     42.61% |          51      2.50%     45.11% |          46      2.25%     47.36% |          67      3.28%     50.64% |          65      3.18%     53.82% |          51      2.50%     56.31% |          73      3.57%     59.88% |          83      4.06%     63.94% |          73      3.57%     67.51% |          70      3.42%     70.94% |          56      2.74%     73.68% |          75      3.67%     77.35% |          59      2.89%     80.23% |          71      3.47%     83.71% |          73      3.57%     87.28% |          62      3.03%     90.31% |          68      3.33%     93.64% |          68      3.33%     96.97% |          62      3.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total         2044                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      9.09%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           1      9.09%     18.18% |           2     18.18%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           1      9.09%     45.45% |           0      0.00%     45.45% |           0      0.00%     45.45% |           1      9.09%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           1      9.09%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           2     18.18%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           1      9.09%     90.91% |           1      9.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX::total           11                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           1      1.67%      1.67% |           2      3.33%      5.00% |           1      1.67%      6.67% |           3      5.00%     11.67% |           1      1.67%     13.33% |           1      1.67%     15.00% |           2      3.33%     18.33% |           4      6.67%     25.00% |           3      5.00%     30.00% |           1      1.67%     31.67% |           2      3.33%     35.00% |           3      5.00%     40.00% |           2      3.33%     43.33% |           4      6.67%     50.00% |           1      1.67%     51.67% |           2      3.33%     55.00% |           3      5.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2      3.33%     63.33% |           5      8.33%     71.67% |           1      1.67%     73.33% |           4      6.67%     80.00% |           1      1.67%     81.67% |           0      0.00%     81.67% |           2      3.33%     85.00% |           3      5.00%     90.00% |           3      5.00%     95.00% |           2      3.33%     98.33% |           1      1.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total           60                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      153325      5.66%      5.66% |       83370      3.08%      8.74% |       82157      3.03%     11.78% |       83028      3.07%     14.84% |       82285      3.04%     17.88% |       81932      3.03%     20.91% |       81992      3.03%     23.93% |       81633      3.01%     26.95% |       81567      3.01%     29.96% |       82671      3.05%     33.01% |       83810      3.10%     36.11% |       83105      3.07%     39.18% |       82701      3.05%     42.23% |       81446      3.01%     45.24% |       80911      2.99%     48.23% |       81233      3.00%     51.23% |       82183      3.04%     54.26% |       81517      3.01%     57.27% |       82326      3.04%     60.31% |       82567      3.05%     63.36% |       82476      3.05%     66.41% |       84357      3.12%     69.52% |       82303      3.04%     72.56% |       81756      3.02%     75.58% |       81775      3.02%     78.60% |       82124      3.03%     81.64% |       81987      3.03%     84.66% |       81704      3.02%     87.68% |       82197      3.04%     90.72% |       81364      3.00%     93.72% |       84200      3.11%     96.83% |       85822      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2707824                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |           3     11.11%     11.11% |           1      3.70%     14.81% |           0      0.00%     14.81% |           0      0.00%     14.81% |           1      3.70%     18.52% |           0      0.00%     18.52% |           0      0.00%     18.52% |           0      0.00%     18.52% |           0      0.00%     18.52% |           1      3.70%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           1      3.70%     25.93% |           1      3.70%     29.63% |           0      0.00%     29.63% |           1      3.70%     33.33% |           1      3.70%     37.04% |           0      0.00%     37.04% |           0      0.00%     37.04% |           2      7.41%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           2      7.41%     51.85% |           1      3.70%     55.56% |           3     11.11%     66.67% |           1      3.70%     70.37% |           4     14.81%     85.19% |           0      0.00%     85.19% |           0      0.00%     85.19% |           1      3.70%     88.89% |           1      3.70%     92.59% |           2      7.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total           27                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           3      1.28%      1.28% |           5      2.13%      3.40% |           8      3.40%      6.81% |           2      0.85%      7.66% |           4      1.70%      9.36% |          10      4.26%     13.62% |           4      1.70%     15.32% |           5      2.13%     17.45% |           7      2.98%     20.43% |           2      0.85%     21.28% |           5      2.13%     23.40% |          14      5.96%     29.36% |           7      2.98%     32.34% |          13      5.53%     37.87% |           8      3.40%     41.28% |          13      5.53%     46.81% |          15      6.38%     53.19% |           5      2.13%     55.32% |           5      2.13%     57.45% |           9      3.83%     61.28% |           8      3.40%     64.68% |           5      2.13%     66.81% |           8      3.40%     70.21% |          12      5.11%     75.32% |          18      7.66%     82.98% |           7      2.98%     85.96% |           9      3.83%     89.79% |           6      2.55%     92.34% |           2      0.85%     93.19% |           5      2.13%     95.32% |           6      2.55%     97.87% |           5      2.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total          235                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |        1868      3.13%      3.13% |        1837      3.08%      6.21% |        1846      3.10%      9.31% |        1868      3.13%     12.44% |        1851      3.10%     15.55% |        1827      3.06%     18.61% |        1858      3.12%     21.73% |        1827      3.06%     24.79% |        1816      3.05%     27.84% |        1859      3.12%     30.96% |        1848      3.10%     34.06% |        1868      3.13%     37.19% |        1872      3.14%     40.33% |        1817      3.05%     43.38% |        1859      3.12%     46.50% |        1882      3.16%     49.65% |        1917      3.22%     52.87% |        1874      3.14%     56.01% |        1898      3.18%     59.20% |        1895      3.18%     62.37% |        1885      3.16%     65.54% |        1860      3.12%     68.66% |        1903      3.19%     71.85% |        1880      3.15%     75.00% |        1882      3.16%     78.16% |        1842      3.09%     81.25% |        1865      3.13%     84.38% |        1879      3.15%     87.53% |        1903      3.19%     90.72% |        1818      3.05%     93.77% |        1869      3.13%     96.90% |        1846      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total        59619                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          20      0.98%      0.98% |          40      1.95%      2.93% |          58      2.83%      5.76% |          66      3.22%      8.98% |          47      2.29%     11.28% |          70      3.42%     14.70% |          55      2.69%     17.38% |          61      2.98%     20.36% |         123      6.01%     26.37% |          73      3.56%     29.93% |          67      3.27%     33.20% |          59      2.88%     36.08% |          65      3.17%     39.26% |          99      4.83%     44.09% |          61      2.98%     47.07% |          42      2.05%     49.12% |          68      3.32%     52.44% |          93      4.54%     56.98% |          61      2.98%     59.96% |          59      2.88%     62.84% |          99      4.83%     67.68% |          61      2.98%     70.65% |          56      2.73%     73.39% |          55      2.69%     76.07% |          58      2.83%     78.91% |          53      2.59%     81.49% |          67      3.27%     84.77% |          47      2.29%     87.06% |          36      1.76%     88.82% |          94      4.59%     93.41% |          72      3.52%     96.92% |          63      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total         2048                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |          20      0.98%      0.98% |          40      1.95%      2.93% |          58      2.83%      5.76% |          66      3.22%      8.98% |          47      2.29%     11.28% |          70      3.42%     14.70% |          55      2.69%     17.38% |          61      2.98%     20.36% |         123      6.01%     26.37% |          73      3.56%     29.93% |          67      3.27%     33.20% |          59      2.88%     36.08% |          65      3.17%     39.26% |          99      4.83%     44.09% |          61      2.98%     47.07% |          42      2.05%     49.12% |          68      3.32%     52.44% |          93      4.54%     56.98% |          61      2.98%     59.96% |          59      2.88%     62.84% |          99      4.83%     67.68% |          61      2.98%     70.65% |          56      2.73%     73.39% |          55      2.69%     76.07% |          58      2.83%     78.91% |          53      2.59%     81.49% |          67      3.27%     84.77% |          47      2.29%     87.06% |          36      1.76%     88.82% |          94      4.59%     93.41% |          72      3.52%     96.92% |          63      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total         2048                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           1     12.50%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     12.50%     37.50% |           1     12.50%     50.00% |           1     12.50%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           2     25.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        1868      3.13%      3.13% |        1837      3.08%      6.21% |        1846      3.10%      9.31% |        1868      3.13%     12.44% |        1851      3.10%     15.55% |        1827      3.06%     18.61% |        1858      3.12%     21.73% |        1827      3.06%     24.79% |        1816      3.05%     27.84% |        1859      3.12%     30.96% |        1848      3.10%     34.06% |        1868      3.13%     37.19% |        1872      3.14%     40.33% |        1817      3.05%     43.38% |        1859      3.12%     46.50% |        1882      3.16%     49.65% |        1917      3.22%     52.87% |        1874      3.14%     56.01% |        1898      3.18%     59.19% |        1895      3.18%     62.37% |        1885      3.16%     65.53% |        1860      3.12%     68.65% |        1903      3.19%     71.85% |        1880      3.15%     75.00% |        1882      3.16%     78.16% |        1844      3.09%     81.25% |        1865      3.13%     84.38% |        1879      3.15%     87.53% |        1903      3.19%     90.72% |        1818      3.05%     93.77% |        1869      3.13%     96.90% |        1846      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total        59621                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      779386     23.95%     23.95% |     1626817     50.00%     73.95% |      112932      3.47%     77.43% |      107206      3.29%     80.72% |       97842      3.01%     83.73% |      112836      3.47%     87.20% |      109885      3.38%     90.57% |      100171      3.08%     93.65% |      103780      3.19%     96.84% |      102779      3.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      3253634                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      779386     23.95%     23.95% |     1626817     50.00%     73.95% |      112932      3.47%     77.43% |      107206      3.29%     80.72% |       97842      3.01%     83.73% |      112836      3.47%     87.20% |      109885      3.38%     90.57% |      100171      3.08%     93.65% |      103780      3.19%     96.84% |      102779      3.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      3253634                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      779386     23.95%     23.95% |     1626817     50.00%     73.95% |      112932      3.47%     77.43% |      107206      3.29%     80.72% |       97842      3.01%     83.73% |      112836      3.47%     87.20% |      109885      3.38%     90.57% |      100171      3.08%     93.65% |      103780      3.19%     96.84% |      102779      3.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      3253634                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      779386     23.95%     23.95% |     1626817     50.00%     73.95% |      112932      3.47%     77.43% |      107206      3.29%     80.72% |       97842      3.01%     83.73% |      112836      3.47%     87.20% |      109885      3.38%     90.57% |      100171      3.08%     93.65% |      103780      3.19%     96.84% |      102779      3.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      3253634                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
