
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.130713                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                130713038000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5306881116500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  33830                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    58409                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              103587473                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3746272                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1261.86                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    42689264                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      73704038                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21512384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          21512384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     13554688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       13554688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       336131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             336131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       211792                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            211792                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    164577186                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            164577186                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    103698057                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           103698057                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    268275243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           268275243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     336131                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    211792                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   336131                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  211792                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              21511744                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                    640                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               13554496                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               21512384                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            13554688                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    10                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            20728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            21351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            20931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            21426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            21033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            21272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            21167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            21142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            20894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            21084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           20845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           21240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           20718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           20621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           20857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           20812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            13291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            13241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            13173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            13378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            13222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            13328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            13233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            13466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            13160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            13358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           13158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           13123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           13074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           13070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           13364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           13150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                   108119                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     2659                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 130712465500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               336131                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              211792                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 175715                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   5139                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   2481                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   1153                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   1219                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   1343                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   1464                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   1513                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   1545                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   1616                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  1594                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  1701                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  1688                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  1636                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  1671                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  1637                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  1594                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  1537                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  1418                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  1435                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  1500                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  1537                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  1460                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  1468                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                  1479                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                  1470                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                  1473                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                  1526                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                  1555                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  1582                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  1734                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                110238                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  37718                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  38664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  39195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  39419                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  39281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   5503                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   5982                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   6030                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       164294                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   213.429681                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   159.537748                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   169.944823                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        57778     35.17%     35.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        36150     22.00%     57.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        54604     33.24%     90.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6227      3.79%     94.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4283      2.61%     96.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1954      1.19%     97.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1115      0.68%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          765      0.47%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1418      0.86%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       164294                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        37923                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.863091                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    23.655398                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        37914     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            8      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        37923                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        37923                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.584711                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.404415                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.840486                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          34470     90.89%     90.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2414      6.37%     97.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          659      1.74%     99.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          380      1.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        37923                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 34632597277                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            40934866027                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1680605000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                   103036.10                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              121786.10                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      164.57                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      103.70                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   164.58                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   103.70                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.27                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  248355                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 135251                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                73.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               63.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    238559.92                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   70.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   28041552250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     4364620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    98301880250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              628115040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              613887120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              342721500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              334958250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1318278000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1303083600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            689024880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            683335440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         8537196720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         8537196720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        49709735055                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        49276521090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        34819792500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        35199804750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          96044863695                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          95948786970                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          734.804566                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          734.069518                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20813376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          20813376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     12915136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       12915136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       325209                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             325209                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       201799                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            201799                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    159229533                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            159229533                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     98805262                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            98805262                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    258034795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           258034795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     325209                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    201799                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   325209                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  201799                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              20812672                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                    704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               12915136                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               20813376                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            12915136                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    11                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            20059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            20699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            20233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            20713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            20403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            20577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            20484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            20551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            20194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            20382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           20151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           20570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           20031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           19907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           20111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           20133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            12667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            12629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            12554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            12757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            12611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            12712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            12598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            12833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            12534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            12723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           12538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           12500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           12462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           12450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           12695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           12536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                    89937                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     2843                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 130712186500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               325209                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              201799                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 171366                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   2028                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   1653                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   1758                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   1961                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   2033                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   2105                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   2215                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   2319                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   2396                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  2329                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  2362                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  2360                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  2239                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  2302                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  2235                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  2253                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  2213                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  2216                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  2173                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  2090                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  2070                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  1891                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  1869                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                  1891                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                  1825                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  1776                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  1757                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  1759                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  1804                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  1813                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                 92137                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  35936                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  36695                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  37009                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  37297                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  37530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   5307                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   5804                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   6221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       136265                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   247.510659                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   194.532571                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   175.624621                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        28925     21.23%     21.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        35592     26.12%     47.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        54797     40.21%     87.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6228      4.57%     92.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4815      3.53%     95.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2156      1.58%     97.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1134      0.83%     98.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          921      0.68%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1697      1.25%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       136265                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        36175                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.989551                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    20.610667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        36158     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           15      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        36175                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        36175                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.578411                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.390981                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.890221                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          32872     90.87%     90.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2230      6.16%     97.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          660      1.82%     98.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          413      1.14%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        36175                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 30909543017                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            37007005517                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1625990000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    95048.38                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              113798.38                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      159.22                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       98.81                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   159.23                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    98.81                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.25                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  249586                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 141139                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                76.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               69.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    248026.95                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   74.14                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   28548970000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     4364620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    97794462500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              521919720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              508168080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              284777625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              277274250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1276719600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1259489400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            656812800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            650779920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         8537196720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         8537196720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        49148497665                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        48208877460                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        35312106000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        36136334250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          95738030130                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          95578120080                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          732.457093                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          731.233679                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20813184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          20813184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     12915648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       12915648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       325206                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             325206                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       201807                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            201807                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    159228064                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            159228064                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     98809179                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            98809179                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    258037243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           258037243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     325206                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    201807                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   325206                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  201807                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              20812224                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               12915648                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               20813184                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            12915648                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            20056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            20680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            20244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            20759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            20409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            20568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            20461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            20530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            20154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            20392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           20164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           20587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           20050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           19866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           20102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           20169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            12661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            12628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            12550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            12764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            12610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            12696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            12608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            12832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            12518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            12729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           12534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           12515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           12470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           12443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           12700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           12549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                    90252                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     2816                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 130712948000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               325206                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              201807                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 171534                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   1848                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   1623                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   1699                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   1851                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   1977                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   2083                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   2216                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   2271                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   2279                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  2358                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  2276                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  2277                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  2245                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  2190                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  2127                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  2190                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  2150                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  2192                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  2151                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  2187                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  2030                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  2068                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  1973                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                  1870                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  1915                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  1920                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  1774                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  1797                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  1754                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  1921                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                 92445                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  35911                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  36702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  37074                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  37250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  37535                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   5364                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   5786                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   6185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       135942                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   248.096865                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   195.082116                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   175.281407                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        28980     21.32%     21.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        34636     25.48%     46.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        55446     40.79%     87.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6130      4.51%     92.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4915      3.62%     95.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2125      1.56%     97.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1165      0.86%     98.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          821      0.60%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1724      1.27%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       135942                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        36168                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.991097                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    20.671925                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        36151     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           15      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        36168                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        36168                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.579711                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.391702                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.891755                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          32823     90.75%     90.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2240      6.19%     96.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          695      1.92%     98.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          410      1.13%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        36168                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 30997830277                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            37095161527                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1625955000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    95321.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              114071.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      159.22                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       98.81                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   159.23                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    98.81                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.25                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  249500                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 141548                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                76.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               70.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    248026.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   74.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   28403544000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     4364620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    97939888500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              521473680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              506194920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              284534250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              276197625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1276626000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1259528400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            656741520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            650903040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         8537196720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         8537196720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        48879989190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        47952564705                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        35547639750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        36361170000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          95704201110                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          95543755410                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          732.198280                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          730.970768                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20791360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          20791360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     12914496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       12914496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       324865                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             324865                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       201789                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            201789                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    159061103                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            159061103                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     98800366                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            98800366                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    257861469                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           257861469                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     324865                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    201789                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   324865                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  201789                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              20790528                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               12914432                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               20791360                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            12914496                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    13                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            20050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            20650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            20160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            20729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            20340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            20557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            20474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            20509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            20145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            20381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           20201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           20539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           19991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           19859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           20127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           20140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            12667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            12618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            12558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            12755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            12610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            12701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            12605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            12825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            12515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            12732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           12534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           12520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           12464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           12447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           12706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           12531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                    88802                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     2919                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 130712221000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               324865                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              201789                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 171151                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   1969                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   1642                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   1820                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   1837                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   2041                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   2307                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   2370                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   2456                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   2386                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  2439                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  2440                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  2349                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  2341                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  2230                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  2294                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  2183                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  2139                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  2068                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  2089                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  2084                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  2030                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  1960                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  2010                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  1928                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  1926                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  1923                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  1910                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                  1889                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                  1854                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  1843                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                 90944                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  35913                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  36696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  36978                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  37343                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  37481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   5306                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   5713                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   6359                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       134850                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   249.933645                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   197.009532                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   175.664944                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        27953     20.73%     20.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        34582     25.64%     46.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        55302     41.01%     87.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6316      4.68%     92.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4798      3.56%     95.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2118      1.57%     97.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1184      0.88%     98.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          879      0.65%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1718      1.27%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       134850                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        36159                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.983960                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.053680                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        36144     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           12      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        36159                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        36159                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.580575                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.391897                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.897193                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          32831     90.80%     90.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2231      6.17%     96.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          681      1.88%     98.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          416      1.15%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        36159                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 30803777151                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            36894752151                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1624260000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    94824.03                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              113574.03                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      159.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       98.80                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   159.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    98.80                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.24                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  249520                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 142263                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                76.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               70.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    248193.73                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   74.39                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27931276250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     4364620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    98412156250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              517111560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              502316640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              282154125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              274081500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1274761800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1258740600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            656670240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            650851200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         8537196720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         8537196720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        48654153765                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        47907623340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        35745741000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        36400592250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          95667789210                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          95531402250                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          731.919705                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          730.876258                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1177                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1177                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1413                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1413                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               239                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              239                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          956                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          956                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          838                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4348                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               203500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              518000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              518588                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              127088                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1883500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          375                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1536000                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          375                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                256                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                2559                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               11835204                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 36.307846                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                26.598116                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                57.648334                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    11674756     98.64%     98.64% |      109021      0.92%     99.57% |       43060      0.36%     99.93% |        7985      0.07%    100.00% |         379      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 11835204                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     31859117                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.063434                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.521836                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      3.499688                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    29977824     94.09%     94.09% |     1319665      4.14%     98.24% |       38452      0.12%     98.36% |       49764      0.16%     98.51% |       35222      0.11%     98.62% |       43521      0.14%     98.76% |       47996      0.15%     98.91% |      115404      0.36%     99.27% |      231269      0.73%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      31859117                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            2048                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            20479                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            31859115                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              30.999477                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.896414                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            201.475878                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    31791632     99.79%     99.79% |       59767      0.19%     99.98% |        4336      0.01%     99.99% |        3110      0.01%    100.00% |         262      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              31859115                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        29937546                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000181                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000156                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.013460                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    29932124     99.98%     99.98% |        5421      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          29937546                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1921569                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        467.221238                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       228.715570                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       685.937672                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1854086     96.49%     96.49% |       59767      3.11%     99.60% |        4336      0.23%     99.82% |        3110      0.16%     99.99% |         262      0.01%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1921569                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     7471104                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    2359296                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         121992                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       121992                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          218                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          211                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles          206                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          236                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     23025989                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1174527                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     24200516                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      6910231                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       125760                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      7035991                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       328318                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        44982                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       119371                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2085629                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        70096                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           17                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           17                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits           89                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        38823                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        38912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles         7335                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits           86                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        38826                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        38912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles         7355                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits           81                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        38831                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        38912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles         7456                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits           81                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        38831                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        38912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles         7456                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits           81                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        38831                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        38912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles         7326                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits           84                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        38828                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        38912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles         7485                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits           82                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        38830                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        38912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles         7918                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits           79                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        38833                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        38912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles         7331                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits           82                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses        38830                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        38912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.fully_busy_cycles         7465                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits           82                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses        38830                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        38912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.fully_busy_cycles         7599                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits           87                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses        38825                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        38912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.fully_busy_cycles         7329                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits           82                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses        38830                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        38912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.fully_busy_cycles         7340                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits           82                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses        38830                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        38912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.fully_busy_cycles         7431                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits           81                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses        38831                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        38912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.fully_busy_cycles         7399                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits           83                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses        38829                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        38912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.fully_busy_cycles         7341                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits           84                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses        38828                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        38912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.fully_busy_cycles         7618                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       124325                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        51556                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       175881                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        17437                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        40633                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        58070                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        17408                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        40682                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        58090                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        14319                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        40640                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        54959                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        11255                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        40696                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        51951                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        10708                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        40667                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        51375                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        11241                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        40665                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        51906                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         9824                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        40602                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        50426                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        14132                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        40663                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        54795                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        12021                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        40658                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        52679                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        13098                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        40680                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        53778                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        16831                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        40614                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        57445                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        12141                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        40658                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        52799                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        17074                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        40637                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        57711                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        26529                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        40703                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        67232                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        20996                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        40638                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        61634                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        16119                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        40591                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        56710                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        16592                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        40685                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        57277                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        14595                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        40742                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        55337                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        15180                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        40668                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        55848                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        16461                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        40592                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        57053                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        19047                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        40605                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        59652                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        19811                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        40625                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        60436                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        15884                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        40627                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        56511                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        27984                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        40613                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        68597                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        22514                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        40587                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        63101                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        16575                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        40594                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        57169                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        13176                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        40550                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        53726                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         9157                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        40607                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        49764                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         8752                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        40616                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        49368                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        14519                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        40678                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        55197                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        14459                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        40634                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        55093                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     18308536                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     18308536                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     18533611                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     18308536                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7578564                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7565792                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     18308536                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.070033                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      7358512                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      7358512                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7539379                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7358512                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3427994                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3409464                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      7358512                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.028148                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      5359178                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      5359178                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5532408                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5359178                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2067627                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2053858                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      5359178                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.020500                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      4440261                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      4440261                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4602346                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4440261                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1783501                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1772189                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      4440261                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.016985                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      6355465                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      6355465                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6533310                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6355465                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2928021                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2909425                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      6355465                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.024311                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      6460339                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      6460339                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6658611                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6460339                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2984474                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2960075                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      6460339                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.024712                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      7400390                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      7400390                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7638157                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7400390                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2792945                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2770314                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      7400390                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.028308                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      4817235                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      4817235                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5044006                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4817235                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1984927                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1964387                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      4817235                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.018427                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      2931217                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      2931217                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3022759                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2931217                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1222191                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1213009                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      2931217                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.011212                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      4160165                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      4160165                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4308161                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4160165                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1893296                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1878777                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      4160165                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.015913                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      3476544                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      3476544                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3642458                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3476544                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1459362                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1443648                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      3476544                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.013298                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      3095986                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      3095986                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3193377                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3095986                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1250433                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1241842                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      3095986                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.011843                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      4353246                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      4353246                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4495217                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4353246                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1916571                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1903766                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      4353246                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.016652                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      3460148                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      3460148                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3608145                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3460148                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1438033                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1423468                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      3460148                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.013236                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      2125961                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      2125961                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2208010                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2125961                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       926794                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       917169                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      2125961                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.008132                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      3058498                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      3058498                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3188125                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3058498                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1361643                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1340654                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      3058498                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.011699                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      4091922                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      4091922                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4225463                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4091922                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1695848                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1678346                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      4091922                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.015652                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      3231011                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      3231011                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3359573                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3231011                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1402066                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1386635                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      3231011                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.012359                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      2905618                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      2905618                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2973585                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2905618                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1239486                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1234006                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      2905618                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.011114                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      1849703                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      1849703                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1877725                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1849703                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       774104                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       772771                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      1849703                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.007075                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1423001                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1423001                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1427816                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1423001                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       611740                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       611677                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1423001                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.005443                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2021884                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2021884                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2027918                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2021884                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       935205                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       934868                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2021884                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.007734                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      1722958                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      1722958                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1730143                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1722958                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       757371                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       757038                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      1722958                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.006591                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1116442                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1116442                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1118398                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1116442                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       477081                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       477018                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1116442                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.004271                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1366412                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1366412                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1371619                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1366412                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       560009                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       559924                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1366412                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.005227                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      1855485                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      1855485                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1861526                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1855485                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       842084                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       841733                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      1855485                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.007098                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      1659223                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      1659223                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1666465                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1659223                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       718303                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       717995                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      1659223                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.006347                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1119222                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1119222                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1121141                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1119222                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       476167                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       476090                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1119221                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.004281                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      5973718                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      5973718                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6324126                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5973718                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2389491                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2373578                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      5973718                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.022851                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      6130592                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      6130592                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6444119                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6130592                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2468085                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2452252                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      6130592                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.023451                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      6418267                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      6418267                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6836069                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6418267                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2597709                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2574807                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      6418267                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.024551                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      6460781                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      6460781                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6840182                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6460781                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2646564                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2623185                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      6460781                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.024714                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     9855903     27.84%     27.84% |    23726705     67.03%     94.87% |     1814370      5.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     35396978                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     9855903     27.84%     27.84% |    23726706     67.03%     94.87% |     1814370      5.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     35396979                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   323177369                       |   581202274                       |    40790470                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   229985043                       |    99475134                       |     1814372                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   32.790234                       |   24.495701                       |   22.481892                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   23.334751                       |    4.192539                       |    1.000001                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    26.702000                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     9.358837                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         36.060837                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002135                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.046698      7.10%      7.10% |    0.046469      7.07%     14.17% |    0.046303      7.04%     21.21% |    0.046168      7.02%     28.23% |    0.110559     16.81%     45.04% |    0.108123     16.44%     61.49% |    0.110390     16.79%     78.27% |    0.107977     16.42%     94.70% |    0.008719      1.33%     96.02% |    0.008721      1.33%     97.35% |    0.008719      1.33%     98.67% |    0.008721      1.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.657566                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.016318                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.028949                       |    0.000000                       |    0.000584                       |    0.000585                       |    0.000584                       |    0.000584                       |    0.000584                       |    0.000584                       |    0.000584                       |    0.000584                       |    0.000584                       |    0.000584                       |    0.000585                       |    0.000584                       |    0.000584                       |    0.000584                       |    0.000584                       |    0.000584                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004940                       |    0.002001                       |    0.001881                       |    0.001966                       |    0.001980                       |    0.001899                       |    0.001810                       |    0.001803                       |    0.001936                       |    0.001927                       |    0.002001                       |    0.001929                       |    0.001862                       |    0.001845                       |    0.001859                       |    0.001825                       |    0.001925                       |    0.001876                       |    0.001903                       |    0.001988                       |    0.001995                       |    0.002212                       |    0.002084                       |    0.001971                       |    0.001984                       |    0.001939                       |    0.001952                       |    0.001974                       |    0.002036                       |    0.002049                       |    0.002237                       |    0.002113                       |    0.007708                       |    0.007456                       |    0.007456                       |    0.007448                       |    0.000092                       |           0                       |    0.000152                       |    0.000619                       |    0.000030                       |    0.000033                       |    0.000030                       |    0.000032                       |    0.000030                       |    0.000032                       |    0.000026                       |    0.000028                       |    0.000026                       |    0.000029                       |    0.000031                       |    0.000028                       |    0.000026                       |    0.000027                       |    0.000028                       |    0.000030                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002115                       |    0.000093                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002087                       |    0.001147                       |    0.000889                       |    0.002024                       |    0.000026                       |    0.002195                       |    0.004259                       |    0.001819                       |           0                       |    0.002146                       |    0.005715                       |           0                       |    0.004872                       |    0.007820                       |    0.002298                       |    0.000889                       |    0.001993                       |    0.000030                       |    0.004739                       |    0.003329                       |    0.009520                       |    0.000890                       |    0.002052                       |    0.000033                       |    0.007569                       |    0.003801                       |    0.002641                       |           0                       |    0.002163                       |    0.005478                       |           0                       |    0.008395                       |    0.004660                       |    0.002754                       |    0.000889                       |    0.002035                       |    0.000029                       |    0.004208                       |    0.002156                       |    0.002525                       |           0                       |    0.002096                       |           0                       |    0.001984                       |    0.001148                       |           0                       |    0.002262                       |           0                       |    0.001160                       |    0.002212                       |    0.002099                       |    0.000889                       |    0.002010                       |    0.000028                       |    0.001706                       |    0.004040                       |    0.004386                       |    0.002853                       |    0.000889                       |    0.002070                       |    0.000030                       |    0.004109                       |    0.008156                       |    0.005734                       |    0.003321                       |    0.029420                       |    0.004384                       |    0.000152                       |    0.002616                       |    0.013619                       |    0.016196                       |    0.003647                       |    0.000000                       |    0.002109                       |    0.000619                       |    0.002677                       |    0.005878                       |    0.013242                       |    0.003622                       |    0.000889                       |    0.001982                       |    0.000032                       |    0.005936                       |    0.004802                       |    0.007609                       |    0.003462                       |    0.000889                       |    0.001965                       |    0.000031                       |    0.002657                       |    0.004105                       |    0.003710                       |    0.003295                       |           0                       |    0.002051                       |           0                       |    0.001087                       |    0.001939                       |    0.002020                       |           0                       |    0.002161                       |           0                       |    0.000335                       |    0.002084                       |    0.002011                       |    0.000889                       |    0.002091                       |    0.000026                       |    0.001186                       |    0.002191                       |    0.004330                       |    0.002585                       |           0                       |    0.002360                       |    0.005478                       |           0                       |    0.001413                       |    0.004860                       |    0.007891                       |    0.002549                       |    0.000889                       |    0.001909                       |    0.000030                       |    0.014860                       |    0.004721                       |    0.003266                       |    0.002632                       |    0.000889                       |    0.001911                       |    0.000032                       |    0.001888                       |    0.007366                       |    0.003745                       |    0.002597                       |           0                       |    0.002210                       |    0.005475                       |           0                       |    0.002095                       |    0.008348                       |    0.004647                       |    0.001939                       |    0.000889                       |    0.001936                       |    0.000028                       |    0.002102                       |    0.004099                       |    0.002152                       |    0.002028                       |           0                       |    0.002081                       |           0                       |    0.000301                       |    0.001952                       |    0.002013                       |           0                       |    0.002083                       |           0                       |    0.000217                       |    0.001971                       |    0.000889                       |    0.001964                       |    0.000026                       |    0.000890                       |    0.000289                       |    0.004074                       |    0.000889                       |    0.001928                       |    0.000027                       |    0.002485                       |    0.001107                       |    0.005263                       |    0.000889                       |    0.002016                       |    0.000028                       |    0.006979                       |    0.002640                       |    0.003100                       |    0.000889                       |    0.001972                       |    0.000030                       |    0.000772                       |    0.005220                       |    0.003476                       |           0                       |    0.002011                       |           0                       |    0.003847                       |    0.004172                       |    0.001085                       |           0                       |    0.002101                       |           0                       |    0.000883                       |    0.003797                       |    0.000295                       |           0                       |    0.002085                       |           0                       |    0.000223                       |    0.001974                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.657566                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         6739675                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      6739675                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       392140                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      4197667                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         3562055                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     84.857970                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          496193                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30340                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             13658829                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              84190                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            18893057                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            182127                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         13743019                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        19075184                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  32551886                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  266317                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              32818203                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              7043220                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9650                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          7052870                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   7043220                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9650                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               7052870                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                257679238                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     24238737                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               50634267                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             6739675                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      4058248                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             227819436                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          908884                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             145157                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       190329                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       431000                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3405                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       340225                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           7042546                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        217762                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3869                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    253622731                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.359878                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.510543                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        236698115     93.33%     93.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          2298940      0.91%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1303597      0.51%     94.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1051965      0.41%     95.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1853057      0.73%     95.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          1497644      0.59%     96.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1151472      0.45%     96.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           741580      0.29%     97.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          7026361      2.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    253622731                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.026155                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.196501                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         12006589                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     228777184                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6897358                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       5487151                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         454442                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       86644693                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         454442                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         14332748                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       122731471                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     15563833                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           9917262                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      90622968                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       84566020                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         59555                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        2114295                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         514617                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       87232049                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     83678941                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     204354461                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    133406590                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           85                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      71446498                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         12232430                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       389228                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       395073                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          40167592                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      7100696                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     19270396                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads       777148                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       586181                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           82855365                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       479828                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          87172696                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       320022                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9371519                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14507921                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       128988                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    253622731                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.343710                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.031222                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    216642931     85.42%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14101403      5.56%     90.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11419311      4.50%     95.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      3568154      1.41%     96.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3337930      1.32%     98.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2316923      0.91%     99.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1394804      0.55%     99.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       507150      0.20%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       334125      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    253622731                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          135474     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         928772     76.10%     87.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        156281     12.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       574082      0.66%      0.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      53522024     61.40%     62.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        56415      0.06%     62.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         51941      0.06%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13847494     15.89%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19120740     21.93%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       87172696                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.338299                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1220527                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.014001                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    429508634                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     92715678                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     78904724                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           38                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          144                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           12                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       87819122                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              19                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1237923                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1340462                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2710                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         9244                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       751992                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1798                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      7809746                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         454442                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5123359                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     115436804                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     83335193                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       128469                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       7100696                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19270396                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       470816                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          73042                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     115296600                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         9244                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       137195                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       335098                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       472293                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      86464032                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      13648549                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       443535                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             32562762                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          5315149                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           18914213                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.335549                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               79021786                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              78904736                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          35224288                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          55587103                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.306213                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.633677                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      9629571                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       350840                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       405902                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    252039959                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.292430                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.023237                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    221259776     87.79%     87.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     11348960      4.50%     92.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11520266      4.57%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3044455      1.21%     98.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1342503      0.53%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       493343      0.20%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       674468      0.27%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       551861      0.22%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1804327      0.72%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    252039959                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     42689263                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       73704035                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               24278637                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               5760233                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5774                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            4842381                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          73091032                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       410640                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       324044      0.44%      0.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     48995491     66.48%     66.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        55125      0.07%     66.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50738      0.07%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      5760233      7.82%     74.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     18518404     25.13%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     73704035                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1804327                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            333366919                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           168255931                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   86499                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4056507                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3746414                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            42689263                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              73704035                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       6.036160                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 6.036160                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.165668                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.165668                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        138883811                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        54033692                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                12                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          27187210                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         22541841                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        43688101                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         389002                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               1379037000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            1379037000.000000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.34218e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          256                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         2559                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       5500911                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        47.584964                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       29.988773                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       82.156855                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     5340479     97.08%     97.08% |      109005      1.98%     99.07% |       43060      0.78%     99.85% |        7985      0.15%     99.99% |         379      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         5500911                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       6315297                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        26.526678                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       23.975340                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       11.898728                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     4296519     68.03%     68.03% |     1961611     31.06%     99.09% |       46221      0.73%     99.83% |        8436      0.13%     99.96% |        1830      0.03%     99.99% |         422      0.01%    100.00% |         145      0.00%    100.00% |          97      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         6315297                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         18996                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.439724                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       21.104945                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.242681                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         639      3.36%      3.36% |        2189     11.52%     14.89% |        8516     44.83%     59.72% |        4535     23.87%     83.59% |        3060     16.11%     99.70% |          53      0.28%     99.98% |           3      0.02%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           18996                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         20479                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          5862058                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           96.026615                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           5.443673                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         392.973637                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     5812516     99.15%     99.15% |       43537      0.74%     99.90% |        3301      0.06%     99.95% |        2493      0.04%    100.00% |         203      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            5862058                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      5128568                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000697                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000602                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.026408                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5124992     99.93%     99.93% |        3575      0.07%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        5128568                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       733490                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     746.464580                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    350.436930                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    866.380823                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      683948     93.25%     93.25% |       43537      5.94%     99.18% |        3301      0.45%     99.63% |        2493      0.34%     99.97% |         203      0.03%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        733490                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         18666181                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           20.840186                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.783625                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         137.757061                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    18589041     99.59%     99.59% |       59216      0.32%     99.90% |       14367      0.08%     99.98% |        1846      0.01%     99.99% |         589      0.00%     99.99% |         446      0.00%    100.00% |         405      0.00%    100.00% |         212      0.00%    100.00% |          56      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           18666181                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     17632531                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000098                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000085                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.009908                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    17630800     99.99%     99.99% |        1731      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       17632531                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1033650                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     325.165548                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    198.139987                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    494.624732                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      956510     92.54%     92.54% |       59216      5.73%     98.27% |       14367      1.39%     99.66% |        1846      0.18%     99.83% |         589      0.06%     99.89% |         446      0.04%     99.93% |         405      0.04%     99.97% |         212      0.02%     99.99% |          56      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1033650                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      7035990                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.533431                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.179097                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      14.922124                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     7035659    100.00%    100.00% |         283      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        7035990                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      6910231                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000538                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6910229    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      6910231                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       125759                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    88.792707                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    76.919993                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    72.313092                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      125428     99.74%     99.74% |         283      0.23%     99.96% |          17      0.01%     99.98% |          14      0.01%     99.99% |           9      0.01%     99.99% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       125759                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       293580                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     12.917433                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     4.168717                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    38.702062                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      287275     97.85%     97.85% |        4935      1.68%     99.53% |        1114      0.38%     99.91% |         132      0.04%     99.96% |          65      0.02%     99.98% |          49      0.02%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       293580                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       264940                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000427                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000368                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.020648                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      264827     99.96%     99.96% |         113      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       264940                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        28640                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   104.656669                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    87.349362                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    77.642081                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       22335     77.99%     77.99% |        4935     17.23%     95.22% |        1114      3.89%     99.11% |         132      0.46%     99.57% |          65      0.23%     99.79% |          49      0.17%     99.97% |           9      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        28640                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.422665                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.454469                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.799197                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         623     95.41%     95.41% |          18      2.76%     98.16% |           7      1.07%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           2      0.31%     99.54% |           3      0.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         623    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    77.500000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    64.646849                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    57.754385                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          18     60.00%     60.00% |           7     23.33%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2      6.67%     90.00% |           3     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        12487                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      2228835                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        27229                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    33853                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    33800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    33736                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    33663                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    33760                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    33590                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    33144                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    33825                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                    33756                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                    33462                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   33771                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   33847                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                   33799                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                   33836                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                   33881                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   33533                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                   5091                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                   5144                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   5208                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                   5281                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                   5184                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   5354                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                   5800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                   5119                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                   5188                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                   5482                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                  5173                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                  5097                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                  5145                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                  5108                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                  5063                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                  5411                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                    10327                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                    10345                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    10484                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                    10440                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                    10431                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                    10503                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                    11095                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                    10407                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                    10588                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                    10730                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                   10402                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                   10396                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                   10562                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                   10523                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                   10377                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                   10688                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                38944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                38944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                38944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                38944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                38944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                38944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                38944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                38944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses                38944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                38944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               38944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               38944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses               38944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses               38944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses               38944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               38944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 1558426                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles            140217011672887                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles            140217011682200                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                 1567111                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                 1560963                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                32392429                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles               380731332                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles               380646766                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles               380658996                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles               380674932                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles              380629590                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles              380648928                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles              380664190                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles              380658500                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles              380657760                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles              380665928                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   29600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   29600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   29600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   29600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   29600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   29600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   29600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   29600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                   29600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                   29600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                  29600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  29600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                  29600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                  29600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                  29600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                  29600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   9344                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   9344                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                   9344                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                   9344                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   9344                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                   9344                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   9344                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   9344                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                   9344                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                   9344                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                  9344                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                  9344                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  9344                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                  9344                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                  9344                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                  9344                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                26097                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                26024                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                25975                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                25875                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                26003                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                25856                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                25380                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                26112                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                26008                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                25708                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits               26017                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               26083                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits               26051                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits               26066                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits               26128                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits               25707                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses               3503                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses               3576                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               3625                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses               3725                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses               3597                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses               3744                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses               4220                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses               3488                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses               3592                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses               3892                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses              3583                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses              3517                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses              3549                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses              3534                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses              3472                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses              3893                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                7756                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                7776                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                7761                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                7788                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                7757                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                7734                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                7764                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                7713                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits                7748                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                7754                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits               7754                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits               7764                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               7748                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               7770                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits               7753                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits               7826                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses              1588                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses              1568                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses              1583                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses              1556                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses              1587                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses              1610                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses              1580                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses              1631                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses              1596                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses              1590                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses             1590                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses             1580                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses             1596                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses             1574                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses             1591                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses             1518                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                2550832                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                2534716                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                2618450                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                2599429                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                2592510                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                2594831                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                2652986                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                2598924                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                2618464                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                2608978                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles               2559545                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               2619783                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               2608277                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               2619923                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles               2565920                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               2617704                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               2433660                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               2409166                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               2500126                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               2475843                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               2462792                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               2468851                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               2514165                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               2471240                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               2483408                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles               2494923                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles              2437886                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              2490329                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              2480365                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              2483323                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              2442231                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              2497546                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             242048                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             242048                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             242048                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             242048                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             242048                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             242048                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             242048                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             242048                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             242048                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles             242048                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles            242048                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            242048                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            242048                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            242048                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles            242048                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles            242048                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               831935                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               834680                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles               826322                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               832221                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               869935                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles               818950                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               849390                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles               868287                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles               827595                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles               831097                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles              851958                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles              836674                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles              857177                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles              848838                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles              828906                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles              804536                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          2433660                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          2409166                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          2500126                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          2475843                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          2462792                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          2468851                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          2514165                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          2471240                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          2483408                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time          2494923                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time         2437886                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         2490329                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         2480365                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         2483323                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         2442231                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         2497546                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        242048                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        242048                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        242048                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        242048                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        242048                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        242048                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        242048                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        242048                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        242048                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time        242048                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time       242048                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       242048                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time       242048                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       242048                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time       242048                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time       242048                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          831935                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          834680                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time          826322                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          832221                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          869935                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time          818950                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          849390                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time          868287                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time          827595                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time          831097                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time         851958                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time         836674                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time         857177                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time         848838                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time         828906                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time         804536                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            2520576                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            2504460                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            2588194                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            2569173                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            2562254                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            2564575                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            2622730                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            2568668                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            2588208                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time            2578722                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time           2529289                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           2589527                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           2578021                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           2589667                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           2535664                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           2587448                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         258765308                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         258765304                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         258765310                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         258765306                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         258765315                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         258765311                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         258765327                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         258765323                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         258765332                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         258765328                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        258765324                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        258765330                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        258765344                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        258765340                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        258765336                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        258765332                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          2538628                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          2517880                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          2595869                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2573306                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          2584212                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          2576397                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          2645771                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2583722                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          2608276                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          2585896                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         2541425                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         2595221                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         2595045                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         2603506                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         2546176                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         2609273                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               758                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               769                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               782                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               782                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0               774                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0               798                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               855                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               762                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               770                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0               809                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0              773                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              763                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0              762                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              760                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0              757                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0              813                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              1762                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              1806                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              1703                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              1847                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              1736                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              1787                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              1614                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              1663                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1              1578                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              1697                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             1752                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             1702                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             1569                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             1595                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             1682                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             1736                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              5377                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              5953                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              5316                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              5840                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              5385                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2              5790                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              4429                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              4967                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2              4531                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              4959                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             5478                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2             4937                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             4454                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2             4628                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             4922                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             5310                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles         1238478                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles         1241296                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles         1235327                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles         1243773                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles         1238968                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles         1221138                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles         1301304                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles         1235175                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles         1224925                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles         1252390                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles        1222425                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles        1208563                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles        1244808                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles        1227722                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles        1251079                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles        1242737                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      336106     25.63%     25.63% |      325209     24.80%     50.43% |      325206     24.80%     75.23% |      324865     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1311386                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      205976     25.94%     25.94% |      195977     24.69%     50.63% |      195982     24.69%     75.32% |      195962     24.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       793897                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      336131     25.63%     25.63% |      325209     24.80%     50.43% |      325206     24.80%     75.23% |      324865     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1311411                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      211792     25.92%     25.92% |      201799     24.69%     50.61% |      201807     24.70%     75.31% |      201789     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       817187                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6000     25.00%     25.00% |        6000     25.00%     50.00% |        6000     25.00%     75.00% |        6000     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24000                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      121938     25.16%     25.16% |      121040     24.97%     50.13% |      121032     24.97%     75.10% |      120711     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       484721                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      336106     25.63%     25.63% |      325209     24.80%     50.43% |      325206     24.80%     75.23% |      324865     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1311386                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5816     24.97%     24.97% |        5822     25.00%     49.97% |        5825     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23290                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5816     24.97%     24.97% |        5822     25.00%     49.97% |        5825     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23290                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      205739     25.94%     25.94% |      195799     24.69%     50.63% |      195807     24.69%     75.31% |      195789     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       793134                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         184     25.92%     25.92% |         178     25.07%     50.99% |         175     24.65%     75.63% |         173     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          710                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      121938     25.16%     25.16% |      121040     24.97%     50.13% |      121032     24.97%     75.10% |      120711     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       484721                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      336106     25.63%     25.63% |      325209     24.80%     50.43% |      325206     24.80%     75.23% |      324865     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1311386                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      205739     25.94%     25.94% |      195799     24.69%     50.63% |      195807     24.69%     75.31% |      195789     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       793134                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         184     25.92%     25.92% |         178     25.07%     50.99% |         175     24.65%     75.63% |         173     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          710                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         184     25.92%     25.92% |         178     25.07%     50.99% |         175     24.65%     75.63% |         173     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          710                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     5394635     91.94%     91.94% |          17      0.00%     91.94% |       29573      0.50%     92.44% |       29570      0.50%     92.94% |       29572      0.50%     93.45% |       29572      0.50%     93.95% |       29571      0.50%     94.46% |       29572      0.50%     94.96% |       29570      0.50%     95.46% |       29571      0.50%     95.97% |       29571      0.50%     96.47% |       29574      0.50%     96.98% |       29571      0.50%     97.48% |       29571      0.50%     97.98% |       29572      0.50%     98.49% |       29571      0.50%     98.99% |       29576      0.50%     99.50% |       29571      0.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      5867800                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     7036053    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      7036053                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    18815777     99.21%     99.21% |           0      0.00%     99.21% |        9344      0.05%     99.26% |        9344      0.05%     99.31% |        9344      0.05%     99.36% |        9344      0.05%     99.41% |        9344      0.05%     99.46% |        9344      0.05%     99.51% |        9344      0.05%     99.56% |        9344      0.05%     99.61% |        9344      0.05%     99.66% |        9344      0.05%     99.70% |        9344      0.05%     99.75% |        9344      0.05%     99.80% |        9344      0.05%     99.85% |        9344      0.05%     99.90% |        9344      0.05%     99.95% |        9344      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     18965281                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       18741     98.76%     98.76% |          17      0.09%     98.85% |           3      0.02%     98.87% |         113      0.60%     99.46% |           4      0.02%     99.48% |           0      0.00%     99.48% |           2      0.01%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           8      0.04%     99.54% |           1      0.01%     99.54% |           0      0.00%     99.54% |           1      0.01%     99.55% |          73      0.38%     99.93% |           1      0.01%     99.94% |           4      0.02%     99.96% |           2      0.01%     99.97% |           2      0.01%     99.98% |           4      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        18976                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1297253     67.90%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |       38316      2.01%     69.91% |       38325      2.01%     71.92% |       38321      2.01%     73.92% |       38326      2.01%     75.93% |       38323      2.01%     77.93% |       38324      2.01%     79.94% |       38321      2.01%     81.95% |       38324      2.01%     83.95% |       38321      2.01%     85.96% |       38321      2.01%     87.96% |       38321      2.01%     89.97% |       38320      2.01%     91.98% |       38321      2.01%     93.98% |       38323      2.01%     95.99% |       38319      2.01%     97.99% |       38322      2.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1910401                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          16     84.21%     84.21% |           0      0.00%     84.21% |           0      0.00%     84.21% |           0      0.00%     84.21% |           0      0.00%     84.21% |           0      0.00%     84.21% |           0      0.00%     84.21% |           0      0.00%     84.21% |           0      0.00%     84.21% |           0      0.00%     84.21% |           0      0.00%     84.21% |           0      0.00%     84.21% |           1      5.26%     89.47% |           0      0.00%     89.47% |           0      0.00%     89.47% |           0      0.00%     89.47% |           0      0.00%     89.47% |           2     10.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      261270     35.64%     35.64% |           1      0.00%     35.64% |       29480      4.02%     39.66% |       29482      4.02%     43.69% |       29485      4.02%     47.71% |       29487      4.02%     51.73% |       29487      4.02%     55.75% |       29484      4.02%     59.78% |       29486      4.02%     63.80% |       29489      4.02%     67.82% |       29486      4.02%     71.84% |       29488      4.02%     75.87% |       29482      4.02%     79.89% |       29486      4.02%     83.91% |       29486      4.02%     87.93% |       29487      4.02%     91.96% |       29485      4.02%     95.98% |       29484      4.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       733035                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          16     84.21%     84.21% |           0      0.00%     84.21% |           0      0.00%     84.21% |           2     10.53%     94.74% |           0      0.00%     94.74% |           0      0.00%     94.74% |           0      0.00%     94.74% |           1      5.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     1038994     87.42%     87.42% |           0      0.00%     87.42% |        9343      0.79%     88.21% |        9344      0.79%     88.99% |        9344      0.79%     89.78% |        9344      0.79%     90.57% |        9344      0.79%     91.35% |        9344      0.79%     92.14% |        9343      0.79%     92.92% |        9344      0.79%     93.71% |        9344      0.79%     94.50% |        9342      0.79%     95.28% |        9343      0.79%     96.07% |        9344      0.79%     96.86% |        9344      0.79%     97.64% |        9344      0.79%     98.43% |        9344      0.79%     99.21% |        9344      0.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1188493                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     1170929     65.64%     65.64% |           0      0.00%     65.64% |       38310      2.15%     67.78% |       38311      2.15%     69.93% |       38315      2.15%     72.08% |       38319      2.15%     74.23% |       38317      2.15%     76.37% |       38316      2.15%     78.52% |       38310      2.15%     80.67% |       38320      2.15%     82.82% |       38318      2.15%     84.97% |       38317      2.15%     87.11% |       38309      2.15%     89.26% |       38317      2.15%     91.41% |       38314      2.15%     93.56% |       38317      2.15%     95.70% |       38316      2.15%     97.85% |       38312      2.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1783967                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      260128     35.54%     35.54% |          17      0.00%     35.54% |       29480      4.03%     39.57% |       29482      4.03%     43.60% |       29487      4.03%     47.63% |       29487      4.03%     51.66% |       29487      4.03%     55.69% |       29484      4.03%     59.71% |       29487      4.03%     63.74% |       29489      4.03%     67.77% |       29486      4.03%     71.80% |       29488      4.03%     75.83% |       29482      4.03%     79.86% |       29486      4.03%     83.89% |       29486      4.03%     87.91% |       29487      4.03%     91.94% |       29485      4.03%     95.97% |       29484      4.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       731912                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122047    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122047                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      912765     85.93%     85.93% |           0      0.00%     85.93% |        9343      0.88%     86.81% |        9344      0.88%     87.69% |        9344      0.88%     88.57% |        9344      0.88%     89.44% |        9344      0.88%     90.32% |        9344      0.88%     91.20% |        9343      0.88%     92.08% |        9344      0.88%     92.96% |        9344      0.88%     93.84% |        9342      0.88%     94.72% |        9343      0.88%     95.60% |        9344      0.88%     96.48% |        9344      0.88%     97.36% |        9344      0.88%     98.24% |        9344      0.88%     99.12% |        9344      0.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1062264                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11062     99.95%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           2      0.02%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           1      0.01%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           1      0.01%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           2      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11068                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        1578    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         1578                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        3713    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         3713                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          34    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           34                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1496     98.03%     98.03% |           0      0.00%     98.03% |           1      0.07%     98.10% |           3      0.20%     98.30% |           2      0.13%     98.43% |           0      0.00%     98.43% |           2      0.13%     98.56% |           0      0.00%     98.56% |           7      0.46%     99.02% |           1      0.07%     99.08% |           0      0.00%     99.08% |           1      0.07%     99.15% |           3      0.20%     99.34% |           1      0.07%     99.41% |           4      0.26%     99.67% |           2      0.13%     99.80% |           1      0.07%     99.87% |           2      0.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1526                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        7199    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total         7199                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     6910231    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      6910231                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        4656     99.66%     99.66% |          16      0.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         4672                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      121491    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       121497                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     2531095     99.95%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |          88      0.00%     99.95% |          86      0.00%     99.95% |          81      0.00%     99.96% |          81      0.00%     99.96% |          81      0.00%     99.96% |          84      0.00%     99.97% |          81      0.00%     99.97% |          79      0.00%     99.97% |          82      0.00%     99.98% |          80      0.00%     99.98% |          86      0.00%     99.98% |          82      0.00%     99.99% |          82      0.00%     99.99% |          81      0.00%     99.99% |          83      0.00%    100.00% |          84      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      2532416                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       63128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        63128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        2777     93.03%     93.03% |           1      0.03%     93.07% |           3      0.10%     93.17% |         112      3.75%     96.92% |           2      0.07%     96.98% |           0      0.00%     96.98% |           2      0.07%     97.05% |           0      0.00%     97.05% |           7      0.23%     97.29% |           1      0.03%     97.32% |           0      0.00%     97.32% |           0      0.00%     97.32% |          70      2.35%     99.66% |           1      0.03%     99.70% |           4      0.13%     99.83% |           2      0.07%     99.90% |           2      0.07%     99.97% |           1      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         2985                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      195250     29.53%     29.53% |           0      0.00%     29.53% |       29113      4.40%     33.93% |       29113      4.40%     38.34% |       29117      4.40%     42.74% |       29121      4.40%     47.15% |       29119      4.40%     51.55% |       29118      4.40%     55.95% |       29129      4.41%     60.36% |       29122      4.40%     64.77% |       29120      4.40%     69.17% |       29122      4.40%     73.57% |       29114      4.40%     77.98% |       29119      4.40%     82.38% |       29116      4.40%     86.79% |       29127      4.41%     91.19% |       29118      4.40%     95.60% |       29122      4.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       661160                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2588953    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2588953                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    17835614    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     17835619                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         246     98.40%     98.40% |           0      0.00%     98.40% |           0      0.00%     98.40% |           1      0.40%     98.80% |           0      0.00%     98.80% |           0      0.00%     98.80% |           0      0.00%     98.80% |           0      0.00%     98.80% |           0      0.00%     98.80% |           0      0.00%     98.80% |           0      0.00%     98.80% |           1      0.40%     99.20% |           2      0.80%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          250                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      975679     86.90%     86.90% |           0      0.00%     86.90% |        9197      0.82%     87.72% |        9198      0.82%     88.53% |        9198      0.82%     89.35% |        9198      0.82%     90.17% |        9198      0.82%     90.99% |        9198      0.82%     91.81% |        9181      0.82%     92.63% |        9198      0.82%     93.45% |        9198      0.82%     94.27% |        9195      0.82%     95.09% |        9195      0.82%     95.91% |        9198      0.82%     96.72% |        9198      0.82%     97.54% |        9190      0.82%     98.36% |        9198      0.82%     99.18% |        9190      0.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1122807                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |        3302     97.81%     97.81% |           0      0.00%     97.81% |           5      0.15%     97.96% |          11      0.33%     98.28% |           2      0.06%     98.34% |           7      0.21%     98.55% |           4      0.12%     98.67% |           8      0.24%     98.90% |           3      0.09%     98.99% |           3      0.09%     99.08% |           3      0.09%     99.17% |           3      0.09%     99.26% |           8      0.24%     99.50% |           2      0.06%     99.56% |           3      0.09%     99.64% |           4      0.12%     99.76% |           2      0.06%     99.82% |           6      0.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total         3376                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      261270     35.64%     35.64% |           1      0.00%     35.64% |       29480      4.02%     39.66% |       29482      4.02%     43.69% |       29485      4.02%     47.71% |       29487      4.02%     51.73% |       29487      4.02%     55.75% |       29484      4.02%     59.78% |       29486      4.02%     63.80% |       29489      4.02%     67.82% |       29486      4.02%     71.84% |       29488      4.02%     75.87% |       29482      4.02%     79.89% |       29486      4.02%     83.91% |       29486      4.02%     87.93% |       29487      4.02%     91.96% |       29485      4.02%     95.98% |       29484      4.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       733035                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          16     84.21%     84.21% |           0      0.00%     84.21% |           0      0.00%     84.21% |           2     10.53%     94.74% |           0      0.00%     94.74% |           0      0.00%     94.74% |           0      0.00%     94.74% |           1      5.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      126195    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       126195                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          35    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           35                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      912799     85.93%     85.93% |           0      0.00%     85.93% |        9343      0.88%     86.81% |        9344      0.88%     87.69% |        9344      0.88%     88.57% |        9344      0.88%     89.45% |        9344      0.88%     90.32% |        9344      0.88%     91.20% |        9343      0.88%     92.08% |        9344      0.88%     92.96% |        9344      0.88%     93.84% |        9342      0.88%     94.72% |        9343      0.88%     95.60% |        9344      0.88%     96.48% |        9344      0.88%     97.36% |        9344      0.88%     98.24% |        9344      0.88%     99.12% |        9344      0.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1062298                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        5682     98.96%     98.96% |           0      0.00%     98.96% |           5      0.09%     99.04% |           2      0.03%     99.08% |           4      0.07%     99.15% |           4      0.07%     99.22% |           3      0.05%     99.27% |           4      0.07%     99.34% |           2      0.03%     99.37% |           3      0.05%     99.43% |           3      0.05%     99.48% |           6      0.10%     99.58% |           3      0.05%     99.63% |           3      0.05%     99.69% |           4      0.07%     99.76% |           3      0.05%     99.81% |           8      0.14%     99.95% |           3      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         5742                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          62    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           62                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        4214    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         4214                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     1170929     65.64%     65.64% |           0      0.00%     65.64% |       38310      2.15%     67.78% |       38311      2.15%     69.93% |       38315      2.15%     72.08% |       38319      2.15%     74.23% |       38317      2.15%     76.37% |       38316      2.15%     78.52% |       38310      2.15%     80.67% |       38320      2.15%     82.82% |       38318      2.15%     84.97% |       38317      2.15%     87.11% |       38309      2.15%     89.26% |       38317      2.15%     91.41% |       38314      2.15%     93.56% |       38317      2.15%     95.70% |       38316      2.15%     97.85% |       38311      2.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1783966                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3885      3.09%      3.09% |        3726      2.96%      6.05% |        3463      2.75%      8.80% |        3453      2.74%     11.55% |        3612      2.87%     14.42% |        4090      3.25%     17.67% |        3751      2.98%     20.65% |        3357      2.67%     23.32% |        3618      2.88%     26.20% |        5235      4.16%     30.36% |        3967      3.15%     33.51% |        3884      3.09%     36.60% |        3617      2.88%     39.47% |        4422      3.51%     42.99% |        3942      3.13%     46.12% |        3767      2.99%     49.11% |        4173      3.32%     52.43% |        4268      3.39%     55.82% |        3773      3.00%     58.82% |        3367      2.68%     61.50% |        3139      2.50%     63.99% |        3800      3.02%     67.02% |        3587      2.85%     69.87% |        3420      2.72%     72.58% |        3732      2.97%     75.55% |        3847      3.06%     78.61% |        3297      2.62%     81.23% |        4704      3.74%     84.97% |        4109      3.27%     88.24% |        5241      4.17%     92.40% |        5092      4.05%     96.45% |        4468      3.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       125806                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      114289     15.58%     15.58% |       20803      2.84%     18.42% |       18731      2.55%     20.97% |       21439      2.92%     23.89% |       20973      2.86%     26.75% |       19839      2.70%     29.46% |       18285      2.49%     31.95% |       18248      2.49%     34.44% |       20774      2.83%     37.27% |       19076      2.60%     39.87% |       22425      3.06%     42.93% |       20537      2.80%     45.73% |       19041      2.60%     48.32% |       18520      2.52%     50.85% |       18228      2.49%     53.33% |       18227      2.48%     55.82% |       20317      2.77%     58.59% |       18716      2.55%     61.14% |       18903      2.58%     63.72% |       19953      2.72%     66.44% |       19904      2.71%     69.15% |       26195      3.57%     72.72% |       23134      3.15%     75.88% |       19591      2.67%     78.55% |       19550      2.67%     81.21% |       18973      2.59%     83.80% |       18494      2.52%     86.32% |       18204      2.48%     88.80% |       20114      2.74%     91.54% |       19424      2.65%     94.19% |       21193      2.89%     97.08% |       21407      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       733507                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       57706      5.43%      5.43% |       33541      3.16%      8.59% |       30603      2.88%     11.47% |       31618      2.98%     14.45% |       32584      3.07%     17.51% |       29797      2.80%     20.32% |       27738      2.61%     22.93% |       27778      2.61%     25.54% |       30805      2.90%     28.44% |       30783      2.90%     31.34% |       31702      2.98%     34.33% |       30537      2.87%     37.20% |       29293      2.76%     39.96% |       28433      2.68%     42.63% |       29734      2.80%     45.43% |       28432      2.68%     48.11% |       30305      2.85%     50.96% |       29696      2.80%     53.76% |       31097      2.93%     56.69% |       34121      3.21%     59.90% |       34673      3.26%     63.16% |       37257      3.51%     66.67% |       34914      3.29%     69.96% |       33699      3.17%     73.13% |       33994      3.20%     76.33% |       32517      3.06%     79.39% |       34056      3.21%     82.59% |       34145      3.21%     85.81% |       35433      3.34%     89.14% |       35778      3.37%     92.51% |       42320      3.98%     96.50% |       37226      3.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1062315                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           0      0.00%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           1      4.55%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           1      4.55%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           2      9.09%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           5     22.73%     54.55% |           4     18.18%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     18.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      171521      9.61%      9.61% |       53974      3.03%     12.64% |       48972      2.75%     15.39% |       52683      2.95%     18.34% |       53199      2.98%     21.32% |       49203      2.76%     24.08% |       45660      2.56%     26.64% |       45668      2.56%     29.20% |       51217      2.87%     32.07% |       49506      2.78%     34.84% |       53748      3.01%     37.86% |       50722      2.84%     40.70% |       47980      2.69%     43.39% |       46599      2.61%     46.00% |       47574      2.67%     48.67% |       46306      2.60%     51.26% |       50248      2.82%     54.08% |       48060      2.69%     56.77% |       49594      2.78%     59.55% |       53711      3.01%     62.57% |       54210      3.04%     65.60% |       63029      3.53%     69.14% |       57673      3.23%     72.37% |       52917      2.97%     75.34% |       53183      2.98%     78.32% |       51138      2.87%     81.18% |       52193      2.93%     84.11% |       51995      2.91%     87.02% |       55201      3.09%     90.12% |       54852      3.07%     93.19% |       63158      3.54%     96.73% |       58279      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1783973                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       34372      4.33%      4.33% |       24452      3.08%      7.42% |       24470      3.09%     10.50% |       24462      3.08%     13.59% |       24452      3.08%     16.67% |       24453      3.08%     19.76% |       24456      3.08%     22.84% |       24459      3.08%     25.93% |       24485      3.09%     29.01% |       24483      3.09%     32.10% |       24482      3.09%     35.19% |       24490      3.09%     38.28% |       24470      3.09%     41.36% |       24476      3.09%     44.45% |       24473      3.09%     47.53% |       24469      3.09%     50.62% |       24499      3.09%     53.71% |       24478      3.09%     56.80% |       24486      3.09%     59.89% |       24483      3.09%     62.97% |       24469      3.09%     66.06% |       24488      3.09%     69.15% |       24479      3.09%     72.23% |       24469      3.09%     75.32% |       24474      3.09%     78.41% |       24472      3.09%     81.49% |       24467      3.09%     84.58% |       24462      3.08%     87.66% |       24464      3.09%     90.75% |       24450      3.08%     93.83% |       24458      3.08%     96.92% |       24462      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       792964                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       16068      3.31%      3.31% |       15133      3.12%      6.43% |       15141      3.12%      9.56% |       15118      3.12%     12.68% |       15096      3.11%     15.79% |       15052      3.10%     18.89% |       15104      3.11%     22.01% |       15110      3.12%     25.12% |       15146      3.12%     28.25% |       15104      3.11%     31.36% |       15154      3.13%     34.49% |       15104      3.11%     37.60% |       15180      3.13%     40.73% |       15145      3.12%     43.86% |       15146      3.12%     46.98% |       15087      3.11%     50.09% |       15118      3.12%     53.21% |       15133      3.12%     56.33% |       15147      3.12%     59.45% |       15085      3.11%     62.56% |       15122      3.12%     65.68% |       15168      3.13%     68.81% |       15113      3.12%     71.93% |       15077      3.11%     75.04% |       15166      3.13%     78.17% |       15223      3.14%     81.30% |       15155      3.13%     84.43% |       15085      3.11%     87.54% |       15096      3.11%     90.65% |       15129      3.12%     93.77% |       15108      3.12%     96.89% |       15078      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       484891                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       51552      3.93%      3.93% |       40633      3.10%      7.03% |       40657      3.10%     10.13% |       40626      3.10%     13.23% |       40593      3.10%     16.32% |       40550      3.09%     19.42% |       40606      3.10%     22.51% |       40615      3.10%     25.61% |       40677      3.10%     28.71% |       40633      3.10%     31.81% |       40681      3.10%     34.91% |       40639      3.10%     38.01% |       40695      3.10%     41.11% |       40666      3.10%     44.21% |       40664      3.10%     47.32% |       40601      3.10%     50.41% |       40662      3.10%     53.51% |       40657      3.10%     56.61% |       40679      3.10%     59.71% |       40614      3.10%     62.81% |       40637      3.10%     65.91% |       40703      3.10%     69.01% |       40638      3.10%     72.11% |       40591      3.10%     75.21% |       40685      3.10%     78.31% |       40742      3.11%     81.42% |       40668      3.10%     84.52% |       40591      3.10%     87.61% |       40605      3.10%     90.71% |       40625      3.10%     93.81% |       40613      3.10%     96.91% |       40587      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1311385                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       50528      3.95%      3.95% |       39609      3.10%      7.05% |       39633      3.10%     10.15% |       39602      3.10%     13.25% |       39569      3.09%     16.34% |       39526      3.09%     19.43% |       39582      3.10%     22.53% |       39591      3.10%     25.62% |       39653      3.10%     28.73% |       39609      3.10%     31.82% |       39657      3.10%     34.93% |       39615      3.10%     38.02% |       39671      3.10%     41.13% |       39642      3.10%     44.23% |       39640      3.10%     47.33% |       39577      3.10%     50.42% |       39638      3.10%     53.52% |       39633      3.10%     56.62% |       39655      3.10%     59.72% |       39590      3.10%     62.82% |       39613      3.10%     65.92% |       39679      3.10%     69.02% |       39614      3.10%     72.12% |       39567      3.09%     75.21% |       39661      3.10%     78.32% |       39718      3.11%     81.42% |       39644      3.10%     84.52% |       39568      3.09%     87.62% |       39581      3.10%     90.71% |       39601      3.10%     93.81% |       39589      3.10%     96.91% |       39563      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1278618                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          56     21.05%     21.05% |           4      1.50%     22.56% |           9      3.38%     25.94% |           6      2.26%     28.20% |           6      2.26%     30.45% |           2      0.75%     31.20% |           4      1.50%     32.71% |           5      1.88%     34.59% |           9      3.38%     37.97% |           5      1.88%     39.85% |           8      3.01%     42.86% |           5      1.88%     44.74% |           7      2.63%     47.37% |           4      1.50%     48.87% |           5      1.88%     50.75% |           3      1.13%     51.88% |           4      1.50%     53.38% |           6      2.26%     55.64% |           8      3.01%     58.65% |           6      2.26%     60.90% |          23      8.65%     69.55% |          22      8.27%     77.82% |           4      1.50%     79.32% |           5      1.88%     81.20% |           7      2.63%     83.83% |           5      1.88%     85.71% |           6      2.26%     87.97% |           6      2.26%     90.23% |           7      2.63%     92.86% |           7      2.63%     95.49% |           7      2.63%     98.12% |           5      1.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          266                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |           3     75.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |           3     15.79%     15.79% |           0      0.00%     15.79% |           1      5.26%     21.05% |           1      5.26%     26.32% |           1      5.26%     31.58% |           0      0.00%     31.58% |           1      5.26%     36.84% |           1      5.26%     42.11% |           1      5.26%     47.37% |           1      5.26%     52.63% |           1      5.26%     57.89% |           1      5.26%     63.16% |           1      5.26%     68.42% |           1      5.26%     73.68% |           1      5.26%     78.95% |           1      5.26%     84.21% |           1      5.26%     89.47% |           1      5.26%     94.74% |           1      5.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         619      3.31%      3.31% |         545      2.91%      6.22% |         525      2.81%      9.03% |         538      2.88%     11.91% |         537      2.87%     14.78% |         521      2.79%     17.56% |         564      3.02%     20.58% |         579      3.10%     23.67% |         603      3.22%     26.90% |         537      2.87%     29.77% |         588      3.14%     32.91% |         587      3.14%     36.05% |         640      3.42%     39.47% |         614      3.28%     42.75% |         606      3.24%     45.99% |         582      3.11%     49.10% |         617      3.30%     52.40% |         618      3.30%     55.70% |         615      3.29%     58.99% |         569      3.04%     62.03% |         557      2.98%     65.01% |         639      3.42%     68.43% |         590      3.15%     71.58% |         562      3.00%     74.59% |         616      3.29%     77.88% |         677      3.62%     81.50% |         623      3.33%     84.83% |         570      3.05%     87.88% |         543      2.90%     90.78% |         599      3.20%     93.98% |         576      3.08%     97.06% |         550      2.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        18706                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |           3     15.79%     15.79% |           0      0.00%     15.79% |           1      5.26%     21.05% |           1      5.26%     26.32% |           1      5.26%     31.58% |           0      0.00%     31.58% |           1      5.26%     36.84% |           1      5.26%     42.11% |           1      5.26%     47.37% |           1      5.26%     52.63% |           1      5.26%     57.89% |           1      5.26%     63.16% |           1      5.26%     68.42% |           1      5.26%     73.68% |           1      5.26%     78.95% |           1      5.26%     84.21% |           1      5.26%     89.47% |           1      5.26%     94.74% |           1      5.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      171936      9.58%      9.58% |       54323      3.03%     12.60% |       49322      2.75%     15.35% |       53030      2.95%     18.30% |       53546      2.98%     21.29% |       49550      2.76%     24.05% |       46005      2.56%     26.61% |       46016      2.56%     29.17% |       51574      2.87%     32.04% |       49857      2.78%     34.82% |       54109      3.01%     37.83% |       51069      2.84%     40.68% |       48330      2.69%     43.37% |       46948      2.61%     45.99% |       47929      2.67%     48.66% |       46655      2.60%     51.25% |       50613      2.82%     54.07% |       48405      2.70%     56.77% |       49942      2.78%     59.55% |       54060      3.01%     62.56% |       54572      3.04%     65.60% |       63424      3.53%     69.13% |       58044      3.23%     72.37% |       53285      2.97%     75.34% |       53538      2.98%     78.32% |       51490      2.87%     81.19% |       52550      2.93%     84.11% |       52346      2.92%     87.03% |       55546      3.09%     90.12% |       55202      3.07%     93.20% |       63508      3.54%     96.73% |       58631      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1795355                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         176     11.53%     11.53% |          48      3.15%     14.68% |          44      2.88%     17.56% |          44      2.88%     20.45% |          42      2.75%     23.20% |          42      2.75%     25.95% |          44      2.88%     28.83% |          44      2.88%     31.72% |          44      2.88%     34.60% |          44      2.88%     37.48% |          42      2.75%     40.24% |          42      2.75%     42.99% |          42      2.75%     45.74% |          42      2.75%     48.49% |          42      2.75%     51.25% |          42      2.75%     54.00% |          42      2.75%     56.75% |          44      2.88%     59.63% |          44      2.88%     62.52% |          44      2.88%     65.40% |          44      2.88%     68.28% |          46      3.01%     71.30% |          44      2.88%     74.18% |          42      2.75%     76.93% |          42      2.75%     79.69% |          46      3.01%     82.70% |          44      2.88%     85.58% |          42      2.75%     88.34% |          42      2.75%     91.09% |          44      2.88%     93.97% |          46      3.01%     96.99% |          46      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1526                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         503      3.21%      3.21% |         454      2.89%      6.10% |         438      2.79%      8.89% |         449      2.86%     11.75% |         450      2.87%     14.62% |         430      2.74%     17.36% |         473      3.01%     20.37% |         491      3.13%     23.50% |         505      3.22%     26.72% |         446      2.84%     29.56% |         488      3.11%     32.67% |         498      3.17%     35.85% |         551      3.51%     39.36% |         523      3.33%     42.69% |         510      3.25%     45.94% |         492      3.14%     49.08% |         515      3.28%     52.36% |         532      3.39%     55.75% |         529      3.37%     59.12% |         483      3.08%     62.20% |         474      3.02%     65.22% |         523      3.33%     68.56% |         477      3.04%     71.60% |         450      2.87%     74.46% |         518      3.30%     77.76% |         579      3.69%     81.45% |         523      3.33%     84.79% |         479      3.05%     87.84% |         457      2.91%     90.75% |         510      3.25%     94.00% |         487      3.10%     97.11% |         454      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        15691                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       26086      5.16%      5.16% |       15514      3.07%      8.22% |       15545      3.07%     11.30% |       15498      3.06%     14.36% |       15473      3.06%     17.42% |       15446      3.05%     20.48% |       15458      3.06%     23.53% |       15458      3.06%     26.59% |       15491      3.06%     29.65% |       15507      3.07%     32.72% |       15530      3.07%     35.79% |       15454      3.06%     38.84% |       15470      3.06%     41.90% |       15472      3.06%     44.96% |       15485      3.06%     48.02% |       15447      3.05%     51.08% |       15464      3.06%     54.13% |       15445      3.05%     57.19% |       15473      3.06%     60.25% |       15456      3.06%     63.30% |       15475      3.06%     66.36% |       15481      3.06%     69.42% |       15491      3.06%     72.49% |       15467      3.06%     75.54% |       15481      3.06%     78.60% |       15483      3.06%     81.67% |       15462      3.06%     84.72% |       15443      3.05%     87.78% |       15477      3.06%     90.84% |       15443      3.05%     93.89% |       15445      3.05%     96.94% |       15465      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       505785                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       24963      3.16%      3.16% |       24665      3.12%      6.28% |       24674      3.12%      9.41% |       24679      3.12%     12.53% |       24670      3.12%     15.65% |       24674      3.12%     18.78% |       24675      3.12%     21.90% |       24666      3.12%     25.02% |       24681      3.12%     28.15% |       24680      3.12%     31.27% |       24663      3.12%     34.40% |       24687      3.13%     37.52% |       24674      3.12%     40.64% |       24671      3.12%     43.77% |       24669      3.12%     46.89% |       24662      3.12%     50.01% |       24683      3.12%     53.14% |       24680      3.12%     56.26% |       24677      3.12%     59.39% |       24675      3.12%     62.51% |       24688      3.13%     65.63% |       24699      3.13%     68.76% |       24670      3.12%     71.88% |       24674      3.12%     75.01% |       24686      3.13%     78.13% |       24680      3.12%     81.26% |       24683      3.12%     84.38% |       24670      3.12%     87.51% |       24671      3.12%     90.63% |       24672      3.12%     93.75% |       24681      3.12%     96.88% |       24668      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       789910                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3378      3.07%      3.07% |        3264      2.97%      6.04% |        3018      2.74%      8.78% |        2999      2.73%     11.51% |        3160      2.87%     14.39% |        3655      3.32%     17.71% |        3264      2.97%     20.68% |        2852      2.59%     23.27% |        3112      2.83%     26.10% |        4788      4.35%     30.45% |        3477      3.16%     33.62% |        3383      3.08%     36.69% |        3061      2.78%     39.48% |        3899      3.55%     43.02% |        3428      3.12%     46.14% |        3275      2.98%     49.12% |        3658      3.33%     52.44% |        3734      3.40%     55.84% |        3233      2.94%     58.78% |        2878      2.62%     61.40% |        2662      2.42%     63.82% |        3276      2.98%     66.80% |        3108      2.83%     69.62% |        2968      2.70%     72.32% |        3210      2.92%     75.24% |        3265      2.97%     78.21% |        2771      2.52%     80.73% |        4223      3.84%     84.57% |        3638      3.31%     87.88% |        4723      4.29%     92.17% |        4595      4.18%     96.35% |        4012      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       109967                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |          57     13.07%     13.07% |          21      4.82%     17.89% |          13      2.98%     20.87% |          27      6.19%     27.06% |          10      2.29%     29.36% |          86     19.72%     49.08% |          17      3.90%     52.98% |           7      1.61%     54.59% |           4      0.92%     55.50% |           0      0.00%     55.50% |          13      2.98%     58.49% |           5      1.15%     59.63% |           3      0.69%     60.32% |           4      0.92%     61.24% |          34      7.80%     69.04% |           3      0.69%     69.72% |           8      1.83%     71.56% |           5      1.15%     72.71% |          62     14.22%     86.93% |          18      4.13%     91.06% |           0      0.00%     91.06% |           8      1.83%     92.89% |           3      0.69%     93.58% |           5      1.15%     94.72% |           7      1.61%     96.33% |           0      0.00%     96.33% |           1      0.23%     96.56% |           3      0.69%     97.25% |           5      1.15%     98.39% |           0      0.00%     98.39% |           5      1.15%     99.54% |           2      0.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total          436                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      3.85%      3.85% |           4     15.38%     19.23% |           3     11.54%     30.77% |           2      7.69%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           1      3.85%     42.31% |           1      3.85%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           6     23.08%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           2      7.69%     76.92% |           1      3.85%     80.77% |           1      3.85%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      3.85%     88.46% |           0      0.00%     88.46% |           1      3.85%     92.31% |           1      3.85%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           1      3.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           0      0.00%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           1      4.55%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           1      4.55%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           2      9.09%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           5     22.73%     54.55% |           4     18.18%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     18.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      3.12%      3.12% |           2      6.25%      9.38% |           2      6.25%     15.62% |           2      6.25%     21.88% |           1      3.12%     25.00% |           2      6.25%     31.25% |           3      9.38%     40.62% |           1      3.12%     43.75% |           1      3.12%     46.88% |           2      6.25%     53.12% |           1      3.12%     56.25% |           1      3.12%     59.38% |           2      6.25%     65.62% |           1      3.12%     68.75% |           2      6.25%     75.00% |           1      3.12%     78.12% |           1      3.12%     81.25% |           1      3.12%     84.38% |           2      6.25%     90.62% |           0      0.00%     90.62% |           1      3.12%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           1      3.12%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           1      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           32                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         506      3.23%      3.23% |         455      2.90%      6.13% |         438      2.79%      8.92% |         449      2.86%     11.78% |         451      2.87%     14.65% |         432      2.75%     17.41% |         473      3.01%     20.42% |         490      3.12%     23.55% |         504      3.21%     26.76% |         443      2.82%     29.58% |         489      3.12%     32.70% |         499      3.18%     35.88% |         549      3.50%     39.38% |         522      3.33%     42.71% |         509      3.24%     45.95% |         490      3.12%     49.07% |         513      3.27%     52.34% |         532      3.39%     55.73% |         529      3.37%     59.11% |         480      3.06%     62.16% |         473      3.01%     65.18% |         524      3.34%     68.52% |         479      3.05%     71.57% |         452      2.88%     74.45% |         521      3.32%     77.77% |         580      3.70%     81.47% |         525      3.35%     84.82% |         478      3.05%     87.86% |         455      2.90%     90.76% |         509      3.24%     94.01% |         485      3.09%     97.10% |         455      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        15689                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      3.92%      3.92% |           8      7.84%     11.76% |           7      6.86%     18.63% |           5      4.90%     23.53% |           2      1.96%     25.49% |           5      4.90%     30.39% |           4      3.92%     34.31% |           1      0.98%     35.29% |           1      0.98%     36.27% |           1      0.98%     37.25% |           2      1.96%     39.22% |           3      2.94%     42.16% |           5      4.90%     47.06% |           0      0.00%     47.06% |           4      3.92%     50.98% |           0      0.00%     50.98% |           0      0.00%     50.98% |           2      1.96%     52.94% |          11     10.78%     63.73% |           6      5.88%     69.61% |           3      2.94%     72.55% |           1      0.98%     73.53% |           2      1.96%     75.49% |           2      1.96%     77.45% |           4      3.92%     81.37% |           3      2.94%     84.31% |           3      2.94%     87.25% |           2      1.96%     89.22% |           6      5.88%     95.10% |           1      0.98%     96.08% |           2      1.96%     98.04% |           2      1.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total          102                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       88143     38.79%     38.79% |        5268      2.32%     41.10% |        3172      1.40%     42.50% |        5913      2.60%     45.10% |        5489      2.42%     47.52% |        4307      1.90%     49.41% |        2809      1.24%     50.65% |        2780      1.22%     51.87% |        5278      2.32%     54.20% |        3567      1.57%     55.77% |        6877      3.03%     58.79% |        5077      2.23%     61.03% |        3567      1.57%     62.59% |        3043      1.34%     63.93% |        2708      1.19%     65.13% |        2776      1.22%     66.35% |        4844      2.13%     68.48% |        3264      1.44%     69.92% |        3367      1.48%     71.40% |        4479      1.97%     73.37% |        4429      1.95%     75.32% |       10698      4.71%     80.02% |        7639      3.36%     83.39% |        4119      1.81%     85.20% |        4062      1.79%     86.99% |        3490      1.54%     88.52% |        3031      1.33%     89.86% |        2758      1.21%     91.07% |        4632      2.04%     93.11% |        3981      1.75%     94.86% |        5743      2.53%     97.39% |        5940      2.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       227250                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       32741     12.02%     12.02% |        8872      3.26%     15.28% |        5926      2.18%     17.45% |        6937      2.55%     20.00% |        7914      2.91%     22.91% |        5123      1.88%     24.79% |        3063      1.12%     25.91% |        3112      1.14%     27.06% |        6123      2.25%     29.30% |        6102      2.24%     31.54% |        7039      2.58%     34.13% |        5850      2.15%     36.28% |        4613      1.69%     37.97% |        3762      1.38%     39.35% |        5065      1.86%     41.21% |        3770      1.38%     42.59% |        5622      2.06%     44.66% |        5016      1.84%     46.50% |        6418      2.36%     48.86% |        9445      3.47%     52.33% |        9979      3.66%     55.99% |       12546      4.61%     60.60% |       10244      3.76%     64.36% |        9025      3.31%     67.67% |        9308      3.42%     71.09% |        7836      2.88%     73.96% |        9373      3.44%     77.41% |        9474      3.48%     80.88% |       10761      3.95%     84.84% |       11106      4.08%     88.91% |       17638      6.48%     95.39% |       12558      4.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       272361                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       34370      4.33%      4.33% |       24449      3.08%      7.42% |       24465      3.09%     10.50% |       24458      3.08%     13.59% |       24450      3.08%     16.67% |       24446      3.08%     19.76% |       24452      3.08%     22.84% |       24458      3.08%     25.92% |       24484      3.09%     29.01% |       24481      3.09%     32.10% |       24478      3.09%     35.19% |       24488      3.09%     38.28% |       24467      3.09%     41.36% |       24475      3.09%     44.45% |       24471      3.09%     47.53% |       24468      3.09%     50.62% |       24498      3.09%     53.71% |       24477      3.09%     56.80% |       24483      3.09%     59.88% |       24483      3.09%     62.97% |       24466      3.09%     66.06% |       24484      3.09%     69.15% |       24476      3.09%     72.23% |       24467      3.09%     75.32% |       24473      3.09%     78.41% |       24469      3.09%     81.49% |       24466      3.09%     84.58% |       24460      3.08%     87.66% |       24460      3.08%     90.75% |       24447      3.08%     93.83% |       24456      3.08%     96.92% |       24460      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       792885                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       15449      3.31%      3.31% |       14587      3.13%      6.44% |       14613      3.14%      9.58% |       14579      3.13%     12.71% |       14556      3.12%     15.83% |       14536      3.12%     18.95% |       14541      3.12%     22.07% |       14528      3.12%     25.19% |       14536      3.12%     28.31% |       14565      3.13%     31.43% |       14563      3.12%     34.56% |       14515      3.11%     37.67% |       14537      3.12%     40.79% |       14529      3.12%     43.91% |       14538      3.12%     47.03% |       14504      3.11%     50.14% |       14499      3.11%     53.25% |       14511      3.11%     56.36% |       14528      3.12%     59.48% |       14510      3.11%     62.59% |       14545      3.12%     65.71% |       14511      3.11%     68.83% |       14522      3.12%     71.94% |       14512      3.11%     75.06% |       14543      3.12%     78.18% |       14544      3.12%     81.30% |       14527      3.12%     84.41% |       14511      3.11%     87.53% |       14550      3.12%     90.65% |       14526      3.12%     93.77% |       14527      3.12%     96.88% |       14525      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       466067                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          34      4.80%      4.80% |          24      3.39%      8.18% |          22      3.10%     11.28% |          22      3.10%     14.39% |          21      2.96%     17.35% |          21      2.96%     20.31% |          22      3.10%     23.41% |          22      3.10%     26.52% |          22      3.10%     29.62% |          22      3.10%     32.72% |          21      2.96%     35.68% |          21      2.96%     38.65% |          21      2.96%     41.61% |          21      2.96%     44.57% |          21      2.96%     47.53% |          21      2.96%     50.49% |          21      2.96%     53.46% |          22      3.10%     56.56% |          22      3.10%     59.66% |          22      3.10%     62.76% |          22      3.10%     65.87% |          23      3.24%     69.11% |          22      3.10%     72.21% |          21      2.96%     75.18% |          21      2.96%     78.14% |          23      3.24%     81.38% |          22      3.10%     84.49% |          21      2.96%     87.45% |          21      2.96%     90.41% |          22      3.10%     93.51% |          23      3.24%     96.76% |          23      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          709                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |           3     15.79%     15.79% |           0      0.00%     15.79% |           1      5.26%     21.05% |           1      5.26%     26.32% |           1      5.26%     31.58% |           0      0.00%     31.58% |           1      5.26%     36.84% |           1      5.26%     42.11% |           1      5.26%     47.37% |           1      5.26%     52.63% |           1      5.26%     57.89% |           1      5.26%     63.16% |           1      5.26%     68.42% |           1      5.26%     73.68% |           1      5.26%     78.95% |           1      5.26%     84.21% |           1      5.26%     89.47% |           1      5.26%     94.74% |           1      5.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      171514      9.61%      9.61% |       53974      3.03%     12.64% |       48972      2.75%     15.38% |       52683      2.95%     18.34% |       53199      2.98%     21.32% |       49203      2.76%     24.08% |       45660      2.56%     26.64% |       45668      2.56%     29.20% |       51217      2.87%     32.07% |       49506      2.78%     34.84% |       53748      3.01%     37.86% |       50722      2.84%     40.70% |       47980      2.69%     43.39% |       46599      2.61%     46.00% |       47574      2.67%     48.67% |       46306      2.60%     51.26% |       50248      2.82%     54.08% |       48060      2.69%     56.77% |       49594      2.78%     59.55% |       53711      3.01%     62.56% |       54210      3.04%     65.60% |       63029      3.53%     69.14% |       57673      3.23%     72.37% |       52917      2.97%     75.34% |       53183      2.98%     78.32% |       51138      2.87%     81.18% |       52193      2.93%     84.11% |       51995      2.91%     87.02% |       55201      3.09%     90.12% |       54852      3.07%     93.19% |       63158      3.54%     96.73% |       58279      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1783966                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           1      2.13%      2.13% |           1      2.13%      4.26% |           3      6.38%     10.64% |           2      4.26%     14.89% |           1      2.13%     17.02% |           5     10.64%     27.66% |           1      2.13%     29.79% |           0      0.00%     29.79% |           0      0.00%     29.79% |           0      0.00%     29.79% |           3      6.38%     36.17% |           1      2.13%     38.30% |           1      2.13%     40.43% |           0      0.00%     40.43% |           0      0.00%     40.43% |           0      0.00%     40.43% |           0      0.00%     40.43% |           0      0.00%     40.43% |           1      2.13%     42.55% |           0      0.00%     42.55% |           2      4.26%     46.81% |           4      8.51%     55.32% |           3      6.38%     61.70% |           2      4.26%     65.96% |           1      2.13%     68.09% |           2      4.26%     72.34% |           1      2.13%     74.47% |           2      4.26%     78.72% |           4      8.51%     87.23% |           3      6.38%     93.62% |           2      4.26%     97.87% |           1      2.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total           47                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |         113      3.60%      3.60% |          91      2.90%      6.51% |          90      2.87%      9.38% |          90      2.87%     12.25% |          89      2.84%     15.09% |          84      2.68%     17.77% |          90      2.87%     20.64% |          92      2.93%     23.57% |         106      3.38%     26.95% |          96      3.06%     30.02% |         102      3.25%     33.27% |          90      2.87%     36.14% |          94      3.00%     39.14% |          94      3.00%     42.14% |          99      3.16%     45.30% |          93      2.97%     48.26% |         106      3.38%     51.64% |          90      2.87%     54.51% |          90      2.87%     57.38% |          95      3.03%     60.41% |         104      3.32%     63.73% |         133      4.24%     67.97% |         112      3.57%     71.55% |         113      3.60%     75.15% |         102      3.25%     78.41% |          99      3.16%     81.56% |         103      3.29%     84.85% |          96      3.06%     87.91% |          91      2.90%     90.81% |          94      3.00%     93.81% |          96      3.06%     96.87% |          98      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         3135                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           9     20.93%     20.93% |          13     30.23%     51.16% |           0      0.00%     51.16% |           0      0.00%     51.16% |           0      0.00%     51.16% |           0      0.00%     51.16% |           0      0.00%     51.16% |           0      0.00%     51.16% |           0      0.00%     51.16% |           0      0.00%     51.16% |           0      0.00%     51.16% |           0      0.00%     51.16% |           0      0.00%     51.16% |           0      0.00%     51.16% |           0      0.00%     51.16% |           0      0.00%     51.16% |           0      0.00%     51.16% |           0      0.00%     51.16% |           0      0.00%     51.16% |           0      0.00%     51.16% |           0      0.00%     51.16% |           0      0.00%     51.16% |           7     16.28%     67.44% |           7     16.28%     83.72% |           7     16.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           43                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     14.29%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           1      7.14%     21.43% |           4     28.57%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      7.14%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           5     35.71%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     66.67%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       50528      3.95%      3.95% |       39609      3.10%      7.05% |       39633      3.10%     10.15% |       39602      3.10%     13.25% |       39569      3.09%     16.34% |       39526      3.09%     19.43% |       39582      3.10%     22.53% |       39591      3.10%     25.62% |       39653      3.10%     28.73% |       39609      3.10%     31.82% |       39657      3.10%     34.93% |       39615      3.10%     38.02% |       39671      3.10%     41.13% |       39642      3.10%     44.23% |       39640      3.10%     47.33% |       39577      3.10%     50.42% |       39638      3.10%     53.52% |       39633      3.10%     56.62% |       39655      3.10%     59.72% |       39590      3.10%     62.82% |       39613      3.10%     65.92% |       39679      3.10%     69.02% |       39614      3.10%     72.12% |       39567      3.09%     75.21% |       39661      3.10%     78.32% |       39718      3.11%     81.42% |       39644      3.10%     84.52% |       39568      3.09%     87.62% |       39581      3.10%     90.71% |       39601      3.10%     93.81% |       39589      3.10%     96.91% |       39563      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1278618                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          34      4.80%      4.80% |          24      3.39%      8.18% |          22      3.10%     11.28% |          22      3.10%     14.39% |          21      2.96%     17.35% |          21      2.96%     20.31% |          22      3.10%     23.41% |          22      3.10%     26.52% |          22      3.10%     29.62% |          22      3.10%     32.72% |          21      2.96%     35.68% |          21      2.96%     38.65% |          21      2.96%     41.61% |          21      2.96%     44.57% |          21      2.96%     47.53% |          21      2.96%     50.49% |          21      2.96%     53.46% |          22      3.10%     56.56% |          22      3.10%     59.66% |          22      3.10%     62.76% |          22      3.10%     65.87% |          23      3.24%     69.11% |          22      3.10%     72.21% |          21      2.96%     75.18% |          21      2.96%     78.14% |          23      3.24%     81.38% |          22      3.10%     84.49% |          21      2.96%     87.45% |          21      2.96%     90.41% |          22      3.10%     93.51% |          23      3.24%     96.76% |          23      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          709                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          53     66.25%     66.25% |           0      0.00%     66.25% |           3      3.75%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           2      2.50%     72.50% |           0      0.00%     72.50% |           1      1.25%     73.75% |           0      0.00%     73.75% |           0      0.00%     73.75% |           0      0.00%     73.75% |           0      0.00%     73.75% |           0      0.00%     73.75% |           1      1.25%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2      2.50%     77.50% |           1      1.25%     78.75% |           1      1.25%     80.00% |           1      1.25%     81.25% |           1      1.25%     82.50% |           1      1.25%     83.75% |           1      1.25%     85.00% |           2      2.50%     87.50% |           4      5.00%     92.50% |           3      3.75%     96.25% |           2      2.50%     98.75% |           1      1.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           80                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           2      9.52%      9.52% |           1      4.76%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           2      9.52%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           5     23.81%     52.38% |           1      4.76%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1      4.76%     61.90% |           1      4.76%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           3     14.29%     80.95% |           2      9.52%     90.48% |           1      4.76%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      9.09%      9.09% |          10     90.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           11                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           3      1.76%      1.76% |           4      2.35%      4.12% |           5      2.94%      7.06% |           5      2.94%     10.00% |           5      2.94%     12.94% |           2      1.18%     14.12% |           3      1.76%     15.88% |           4      2.35%     18.24% |           8      4.71%     22.94% |           4      2.35%     25.29% |           5      2.94%     28.24% |           4      2.35%     30.59% |           5      2.94%     33.53% |           3      1.76%     35.29% |           4      2.35%     37.65% |           2      1.18%     38.82% |           3      1.76%     40.59% |           5      2.94%     43.53% |           6      3.53%     47.06% |           6      3.53%     50.59% |          21     12.35%     62.94% |          21     12.35%     75.29% |           3      1.76%     77.06% |           4      2.35%     79.41% |           6      3.53%     82.94% |           4      2.35%     85.29% |           5      2.94%     88.24% |           4      2.35%     90.59% |           3      1.76%     92.35% |           4      2.35%     94.71% |           5      2.94%     97.65% |           4      2.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          170                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |         110      3.71%      3.71% |          87      2.94%      6.65% |          85      2.87%      9.51% |          85      2.87%     12.38% |          84      2.83%     15.22% |          82      2.77%     17.98% |          87      2.94%     20.92% |          88      2.97%     23.89% |          98      3.31%     27.19% |          92      3.10%     30.30% |          97      3.27%     33.57% |          86      2.90%     36.47% |          89      3.00%     39.47% |          91      3.07%     42.54% |          95      3.21%     45.75% |          91      3.07%     48.82% |         103      3.48%     52.29% |          85      2.87%     55.16% |          84      2.83%     58.00% |          89      3.00%     61.00% |          83      2.80%     63.80% |         112      3.78%     67.58% |         109      3.68%     71.26% |         109      3.68%     74.93% |          95      3.21%     78.14% |          95      3.21%     81.34% |          98      3.31%     84.65% |          92      3.10%     87.75% |          88      2.97%     90.72% |          90      3.04%     93.76% |          91      3.07%     96.83% |          94      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         2964                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         506      3.23%      3.23% |         455      2.90%      6.13% |         438      2.79%      8.92% |         449      2.86%     11.78% |         451      2.87%     14.65% |         432      2.75%     17.41% |         473      3.01%     20.42% |         490      3.12%     23.55% |         504      3.21%     26.76% |         443      2.82%     29.58% |         489      3.12%     32.70% |         499      3.18%     35.88% |         549      3.50%     39.38% |         522      3.33%     42.71% |         509      3.24%     45.95% |         490      3.12%     49.07% |         513      3.27%     52.34% |         532      3.39%     55.73% |         529      3.37%     59.11% |         480      3.06%     62.16% |         473      3.01%     65.18% |         524      3.34%     68.52% |         479      3.05%     71.57% |         452      2.88%     74.45% |         521      3.32%     77.77% |         580      3.70%     81.47% |         525      3.35%     84.82% |         478      3.05%     87.86% |         455      2.90%     90.76% |         509      3.24%     94.01% |         485      3.09%     97.10% |         455      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        15689                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      6.25%      6.25% |           1      6.25%     12.50% |           1      6.25%     18.75% |           0      0.00%     18.75% |           1      6.25%     25.00% |           1      6.25%     31.25% |           1      6.25%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           1      6.25%     50.00% |           1      6.25%     56.25% |           1      6.25%     62.50% |           1      6.25%     68.75% |           1      6.25%     75.00% |           1      6.25%     81.25% |           1      6.25%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      3.12%      3.12% |           2      6.25%      9.38% |           2      6.25%     15.62% |           2      6.25%     21.88% |           1      3.12%     25.00% |           2      6.25%     31.25% |           3      9.38%     40.62% |           1      3.12%     43.75% |           1      3.12%     46.88% |           2      6.25%     53.12% |           1      3.12%     56.25% |           1      3.12%     59.38% |           2      6.25%     65.62% |           1      3.12%     68.75% |           2      6.25%     75.00% |           1      3.12%     78.12% |           1      3.12%     81.25% |           1      3.12%     84.38% |           2      6.25%     90.62% |           0      0.00%     90.62% |           1      3.12%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           1      3.12%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           1      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           32                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       26086      5.16%      5.16% |       15514      3.07%      8.22% |       15545      3.07%     11.30% |       15498      3.06%     14.36% |       15473      3.06%     17.42% |       15446      3.05%     20.48% |       15458      3.06%     23.53% |       15458      3.06%     26.59% |       15491      3.06%     29.65% |       15507      3.07%     32.72% |       15530      3.07%     35.79% |       15454      3.06%     38.84% |       15470      3.06%     41.90% |       15472      3.06%     44.96% |       15485      3.06%     48.02% |       15447      3.05%     51.08% |       15464      3.06%     54.13% |       15445      3.05%     57.19% |       15473      3.06%     60.25% |       15456      3.06%     63.30% |       15475      3.06%     66.36% |       15481      3.06%     69.42% |       15491      3.06%     72.49% |       15467      3.06%     75.54% |       15481      3.06%     78.60% |       15483      3.06%     81.67% |       15462      3.06%     84.72% |       15443      3.05%     87.78% |       15477      3.06%     90.84% |       15443      3.05%     93.89% |       15445      3.05%     96.94% |       15465      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       505785                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         503      3.21%      3.21% |         454      2.89%      6.10% |         438      2.79%      8.89% |         449      2.86%     11.75% |         450      2.87%     14.62% |         430      2.74%     17.36% |         473      3.01%     20.38% |         491      3.13%     23.51% |         505      3.22%     26.72% |         446      2.84%     29.57% |         488      3.11%     32.68% |         498      3.17%     35.85% |         551      3.51%     39.36% |         523      3.33%     42.70% |         510      3.25%     45.95% |         492      3.14%     49.08% |         515      3.28%     52.36% |         532      3.39%     55.76% |         529      3.37%     59.13% |         483      3.08%     62.21% |         474      3.02%     65.23% |         523      3.33%     68.56% |         477      3.04%     71.60% |         450      2.87%     74.47% |         518      3.30%     77.77% |         579      3.69%     81.46% |         523      3.33%     84.79% |         478      3.05%     87.84% |         457      2.91%     90.75% |         510      3.25%     94.00% |         487      3.10%     97.11% |         454      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        15690                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       24963      3.16%      3.16% |       24665      3.12%      6.28% |       24674      3.12%      9.41% |       24679      3.12%     12.53% |       24670      3.12%     15.65% |       24674      3.12%     18.78% |       24675      3.12%     21.90% |       24666      3.12%     25.02% |       24681      3.12%     28.15% |       24680      3.12%     31.27% |       24663      3.12%     34.40% |       24687      3.13%     37.52% |       24674      3.12%     40.64% |       24671      3.12%     43.77% |       24669      3.12%     46.89% |       24662      3.12%     50.01% |       24683      3.12%     53.14% |       24680      3.12%     56.26% |       24677      3.12%     59.39% |       24675      3.12%     62.51% |       24688      3.13%     65.63% |       24699      3.13%     68.76% |       24670      3.12%     71.88% |       24674      3.12%     75.01% |       24686      3.13%     78.13% |       24680      3.12%     81.26% |       24683      3.12%     84.38% |       24670      3.12%     87.51% |       24671      3.12%     90.63% |       24672      3.12%     93.75% |       24681      3.12%     96.88% |       24668      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       789910                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      4.17%      4.17% |           4      8.33%     12.50% |           5     10.42%     22.92% |           3      6.25%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           1      2.08%     31.25% |           1      2.08%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      2.08%     35.42% |           6     12.50%     47.92% |           0      0.00%     47.92% |           2      4.17%     52.08% |           0      0.00%     52.08% |           0      0.00%     52.08% |           0      0.00%     52.08% |           7     14.58%     66.67% |           5     10.42%     77.08% |           1      2.08%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           1      2.08%     81.25% |           1      2.08%     83.33% |           1      2.08%     85.42% |           1      2.08%     87.50% |           5     10.42%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           1      2.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           48                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      171934      9.58%      9.58% |       54319      3.03%     12.60% |       49317      2.75%     15.35% |       53027      2.95%     18.30% |       53546      2.98%     21.29% |       49550      2.76%     24.05% |       46005      2.56%     26.61% |       46016      2.56%     29.17% |       51573      2.87%     32.04% |       49856      2.78%     34.82% |       54109      3.01%     37.83% |       51068      2.84%     40.68% |       48324      2.69%     43.37% |       46948      2.62%     45.99% |       47927      2.67%     48.66% |       46655      2.60%     51.25% |       50613      2.82%     54.07% |       48405      2.70%     56.77% |       49935      2.78%     59.55% |       54055      3.01%     62.56% |       54571      3.04%     65.60% |       63424      3.53%     69.13% |       58044      3.23%     72.37% |       53285      2.97%     75.34% |       53537      2.98%     78.32% |       51489      2.87%     81.19% |       52549      2.93%     84.11% |       52345      2.92%     87.03% |       55541      3.09%     90.12% |       55202      3.07%     93.20% |       63507      3.54%     96.73% |       58631      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1795307                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      7.14%      7.14% |           1      7.14%     14.29% |           1      7.14%     21.43% |           0      0.00%     21.43% |           1      7.14%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           1      7.14%     50.00% |           1      7.14%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |           3     17.65%     17.65% |           0      0.00%     17.65% |           1      5.88%     23.53% |           1      5.88%     29.41% |           1      5.88%     35.29% |           0      0.00%     35.29% |           1      5.88%     41.18% |           0      0.00%     41.18% |           1      5.88%     47.06% |           1      5.88%     52.94% |           1      5.88%     58.82% |           1      5.88%     64.71% |           1      5.88%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           1      5.88%     76.47% |           1      5.88%     82.35% |           1      5.88%     88.24% |           1      5.88%     94.12% |           1      5.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total           17                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       39717     12.27%     12.27% |      161837     50.00%     62.27% |        7905      2.44%     64.71% |        8536      2.64%     67.35% |        7809      2.41%     69.76% |        8477      2.62%     72.38% |        7903      2.44%     74.82% |        8383      2.59%     77.41% |        6906      2.13%     79.55% |        7400      2.29%     81.83% |        6887      2.13%     83.96% |        7473      2.31%     86.27% |        8011      2.48%     88.74% |        7410      2.29%     91.03% |        6793      2.10%     93.13% |        6991      2.16%     95.29% |        7369      2.28%     97.57% |        7867      2.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       323674                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       39717     12.27%     12.27% |      161837     50.00%     62.27% |        7905      2.44%     64.71% |        8536      2.64%     67.35% |        7809      2.41%     69.76% |        8477      2.62%     72.38% |        7903      2.44%     74.82% |        8383      2.59%     77.41% |        6906      2.13%     79.55% |        7400      2.29%     81.83% |        6887      2.13%     83.96% |        7473      2.31%     86.27% |        8011      2.48%     88.74% |        7410      2.29%     91.03% |        6793      2.10%     93.13% |        6991      2.16%     95.29% |        7369      2.28%     97.57% |        7867      2.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       323674                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       39717     12.27%     12.27% |      161837     50.00%     62.27% |        7905      2.44%     64.71% |        8536      2.64%     67.35% |        7809      2.41%     69.76% |        8477      2.62%     72.38% |        7903      2.44%     74.82% |        8383      2.59%     77.41% |        6906      2.13%     79.55% |        7400      2.29%     81.83% |        6887      2.13%     83.96% |        7473      2.31%     86.27% |        8011      2.48%     88.74% |        7410      2.29%     91.03% |        6793      2.10%     93.13% |        6991      2.16%     95.29% |        7369      2.28%     97.57% |        7867      2.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       323674                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       39717     12.27%     12.27% |      161837     50.00%     62.27% |        7905      2.44%     64.71% |        8536      2.64%     67.35% |        7809      2.41%     69.76% |        8477      2.62%     72.38% |        7903      2.44%     74.82% |        8383      2.59%     77.41% |        6906      2.13%     79.55% |        7400      2.29%     81.83% |        6887      2.13%     83.96% |        7473      2.31%     86.27% |        8011      2.48%     88.74% |        7410      2.29%     91.03% |        6793      2.10%     93.13% |        6991      2.16%     95.29% |        7369      2.28%     97.57% |        7867      2.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       323674                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
