
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.053637                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 53636633500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5229804712000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  36362                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    66668                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               60819869                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4804068                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   881.89                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    32067718                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      58793917                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     14104384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          14104384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4027520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        4027520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       220381                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             220381                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        62930                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             62930                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    262961768                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            262961768                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     75088978                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            75088978                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    338050747                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           338050747                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     220381                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     62930                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   220381                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   62930                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              14102016                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   2368                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                4027264                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               14104384                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             4027520                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    37                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            13534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            14039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            13708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            14156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            13782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            14351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            13802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            13720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            13632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            13991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           13673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           13893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           13432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           13337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           13645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           13649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             3865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             3937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             3918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             4163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             3954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             4092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             3997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             3952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             3848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             4102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            3859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            3790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            3733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            3785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            4039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            3892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                     6764                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     1387                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  53636142000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               220381                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               62930                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  79428                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  29478                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  33784                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  28780                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                  19181                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                  10670                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   5384                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   2547                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   1190                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                    619                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                   354                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                   241                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                   172                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                   155                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                   136                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                   118                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                    86                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                    76                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                    77                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                    72                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                    54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                    48                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                    46                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                    33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                    39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                    50                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                    63                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                    76                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                    70                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                    93                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                   132                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                  7092                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  11571                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  11794                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  11829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  11816                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  11848                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                    776                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                    883                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   2413                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       169175                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   107.158717                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    83.977727                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   115.702593                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       132914     78.57%     78.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        18060     10.68%     89.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        13490      7.97%     97.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1670      0.99%     98.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1063      0.63%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          622      0.37%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          431      0.25%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          355      0.21%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          570      0.34%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       169175                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11679                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.855981                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    94.120378                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11400     97.61%     97.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          169      1.45%     99.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           44      0.38%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           19      0.16%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            6      0.05%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           12      0.10%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            3      0.03%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            2      0.02%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            3      0.03%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            6      0.05%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.01%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            2      0.02%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            2      0.02%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            3      0.03%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            3      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        11679                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11679                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.387961                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.239270                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.786209                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11210     95.98%     95.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           110      0.94%     96.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          169      1.45%     98.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          190      1.63%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        11679                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  8839384255                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            12970834255                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1101720000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    40116.29                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               58866.29                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      262.92                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       75.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   262.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    75.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    2.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.24                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.86                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   77513                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  36574                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                35.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               58.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    189318.95                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   40.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10785528500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1790880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    41055805500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              640248840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              638668800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              349342125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              348480000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             866431800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             852111000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            206569440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            201191040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         3502961280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         3502961280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        21491119260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        20981246850                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        13327311000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        13774567500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          40383983745                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          40299226470                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          752.983692                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          751.403342                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     13844864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          13844864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3845248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        3845248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       216326                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             216326                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        60082                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             60082                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    258123284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            258123284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     71690704                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            71690704                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    329813988                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           329813988                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     216326                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     60082                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   216326                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   60082                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              13843264                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1600                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                3845056                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               13844864                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             3845248                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    25                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            13289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            13797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            13465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            13893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            13527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            14125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            13526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            13503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            13380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            13701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           13417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           13654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           13210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           13101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           13294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           13419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             3694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             3779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             3758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             3989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             3779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             3927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             3803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             3776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             3675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             3908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            3680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            3613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            3566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            3609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            3804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            3719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                     5207                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     1317                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  53635883000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               216326                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               60082                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  77076                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  30170                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  33672                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  28632                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                  18893                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                  10416                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   5016                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   2288                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   1089                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                    622                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                   370                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                   273                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                   219                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                   196                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                   183                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                   166                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                   161                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                   143                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                   138                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                   128                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                    93                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                    93                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                    82                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                    86                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                    98                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                    77                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                    75                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                    75                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                    59                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                    71                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                   123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                  5518                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  11006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  11271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  11307                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  11318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  11333                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                    727                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                    827                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   2293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       163673                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   108.066792                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    84.089828                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   119.107699                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       128698     78.63%     78.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        17178     10.50%     89.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        13009      7.95%     97.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1554      0.95%     98.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1101      0.67%     98.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          694      0.42%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          445      0.27%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          408      0.25%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          586      0.36%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       163673                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11126                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     19.436455                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    96.680056                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        10858     97.59%     97.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          155      1.39%     98.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           49      0.44%     99.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           16      0.14%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            9      0.08%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            3      0.03%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            3      0.03%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            4      0.04%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            7      0.06%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            3      0.03%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            3      0.03%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            2      0.02%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            2      0.02%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            2      0.02%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            3      0.03%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            4      0.04%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        11126                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11126                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.399874                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.247323                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.810877                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          10668     95.88%     95.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           116      1.04%     96.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          143      1.29%     98.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          199      1.79%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        11126                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  8385254303                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            12440898053                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1081505000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    38766.60                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               57516.60                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      258.09                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       71.69                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   258.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    71.69                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    2.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.21                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.92                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   75828                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  36872                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                35.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               61.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    194046.06                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   40.78                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11213897500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1790880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    40627534500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              620592840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              616759920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              338617125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              336525750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             851081400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             835933800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            197672400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            191639520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         3502961280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         3502961280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        21179930040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        20409309135                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        13600284000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        14276267250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          40291139085                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          40169396655                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          751.252548                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          748.982587                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     13845440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          13845440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3845888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        3845888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       216335                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             216335                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        60092                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             60092                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    258134023                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            258134023                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     71702636                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            71702636                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    329836659                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           329836659                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     216335                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     60092                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   216335                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   60092                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              13844672                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                3845632                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               13845440                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             3845888                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    12                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            13292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            13814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            13484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            13918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            13540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            14118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            13486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            13488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            13375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            13705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           13423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           13699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           13205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           13064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           13297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           13415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             3687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             3775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             3754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             4002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             3778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             3916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             3812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             3779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             3677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             3916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            3677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            3609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            3575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            3602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            3809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            3720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                     4265                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     1172                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  53635930000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               216335                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               60092                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  77097                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  30174                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  33912                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                  28898                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                  18937                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                  10154                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   4884                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   2339                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   1222                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                    632                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                   431                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                   351                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                   296                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                   235                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                   214                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                   177                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                   156                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                   157                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                   135                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                   153                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                   122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                   127                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                   102                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                   113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                    96                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                    98                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                    93                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                    90                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                   115                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                   107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                   157                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                  4549                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  11014                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  11318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  11345                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  11383                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  11366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                    781                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                    835                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   2050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       164021                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   107.848044                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    83.953125                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   118.950012                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127       129254     78.80%     78.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        16869     10.28%     89.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        13073      7.97%     97.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1613      0.98%     98.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1078      0.66%     98.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          690      0.42%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          436      0.27%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          418      0.25%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          590      0.36%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       164021                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11149                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     19.392591                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    97.687871                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        10893     97.70%     97.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          153      1.37%     99.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           36      0.32%     99.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           15      0.13%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            7      0.06%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            7      0.06%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      0.02%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            2      0.02%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            9      0.08%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            7      0.06%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.01%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            3      0.03%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            2      0.02%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.01%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            5      0.04%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            2      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        11149                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11149                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.389542                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.241634                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.777678                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          10679     95.78%     95.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           152      1.36%     97.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          132      1.18%     98.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          186      1.67%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        11149                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  8152835095                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            12208891345                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1081615000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    37688.25                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               56438.25                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      258.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       71.70                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   258.13                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    71.70                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    2.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.20                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   75630                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  36752                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                34.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               61.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    194032.89                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   40.66                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11118295750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1790880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    40722788000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              622860840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              617130360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              339854625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              336727875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             851206200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             835988400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            197659440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            191710800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         3502961280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         3502961280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        21158090775                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        20554151265                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        13619441250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        14149212750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          40292074410                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          40187882730                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          751.269988                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          749.327271                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     13845056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          13845056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3843200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        3843200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       216329                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             216329                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        60050                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             60050                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    258126864                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            258126864                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     71652521                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            71652521                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    329779385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           329779385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     216330                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     60050                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   216330                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   60050                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              13844416                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                3842944                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               13845120                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             3843200                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    11                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            13265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            13794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            13434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            13898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            13488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            14304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            13507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            13481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            13376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            13701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           13452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           13653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           13200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           13055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           13311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           13400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             3692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             3769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             3750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             3985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             3776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             3913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             3808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             3767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             3674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             3916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            3675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            3624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            3573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            3609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            3805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            3710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                     4551                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     1291                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  53635888000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               216330                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               60050                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  76696                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  29313                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  33535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                  28772                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                  19131                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                  10809                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   5321                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   2493                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   1274                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                    639                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                   419                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                   314                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                   269                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                   218                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                   206                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                   201                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                   197                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                   165                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                   139                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                   122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                   125                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                   138                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                   123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                   131                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                   126                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                   117                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                   106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                   101                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                    78                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                    79                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                   123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                  4839                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  11001                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  11285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  11360                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  11321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  11317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                    743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                    804                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   2219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       163790                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   107.983735                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    84.062358                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   118.880699                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127       128852     78.67%     78.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        17013     10.39%     89.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        13097      8.00%     97.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1619      0.99%     98.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1123      0.69%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          649      0.40%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          436      0.27%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          417      0.25%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          584      0.36%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       163790                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11132                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     19.422296                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    98.183824                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        10867     97.62%     97.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          157      1.41%     99.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           40      0.36%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           17      0.15%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            9      0.08%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            5      0.04%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            3      0.03%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            4      0.04%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            7      0.06%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            2      0.02%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            3      0.03%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            4      0.04%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.01%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            2      0.02%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            3      0.03%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            2      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            3      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            2      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        11132                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11132                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.393999                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.243338                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.801932                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          10663     95.79%     95.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           143      1.28%     97.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          125      1.12%     98.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          201      1.81%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        11132                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  8328103797                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            12384085047                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1081595000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    38499.18                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               57249.18                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      258.11                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       71.65                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   258.13                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    71.65                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    2.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.21                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.85                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   75700                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  36871                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                34.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               61.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    194065.74                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   40.73                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11008454500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1790880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    40832767500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              621885600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              616366800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              339322500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              336311250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             851487000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             835715400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            197380800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            191717280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         3502961280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         3502961280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        21077422380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        20361452220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        13690203000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        14318247000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          40280662560                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          40162771230                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          751.057207                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          748.859052                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1143                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1143                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1362                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1362                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               216                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              216                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          458                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5010                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          812                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          916                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3966                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4830                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               159500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              448024                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              111024                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1824000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          381                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1560576                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          381                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size               1024                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket               10239                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                7456382                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 26.727948                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                24.062992                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                12.341824                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     7456378    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  7456382                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     16897678                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.715946                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.490366                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      1.257568                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    15991413     94.64%     94.64% |      866677      5.13%     99.77% |       19249      0.11%     99.88% |        3616      0.02%     99.90% |        4137      0.02%     99.93% |        2794      0.02%     99.94% |        2042      0.01%     99.95% |        1422      0.01%     99.96% |        6328      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      16897678                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            2048                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            20479                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            16897676                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              22.060881                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.034061                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            161.366049                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    16883284     99.91%     99.91% |        5846      0.03%     99.95% |        4594      0.03%     99.98% |        3850      0.02%    100.00% |         100      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              16897676                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        15671880                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000309                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000266                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.017829                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    15667077     99.97%     99.97% |        4782      0.03%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          15671880                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1225796                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        265.751510                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       177.697252                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       543.064921                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1211404     98.83%     98.83% |        5846      0.48%     99.30% |        4594      0.37%     99.68% |        3850      0.31%     99.99% |         100      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1225796                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    31343104                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                     994048                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         773238                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       773238                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           53                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           36                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles           34                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles           40                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     11189358                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       441263                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     11630621                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      3689658                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       124017                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3813675                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       111417                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        22584                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store        52927                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1619883                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        45268                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           76                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           76                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits        28052                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        38866                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        66918                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles         3042                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits        26815                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        22845                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        49660                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles           83                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24574                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        20254                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        44828                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles           83                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits        26011                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        20657                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        46668                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles           57                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits        31590                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        25526                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        57116                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles           64                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits        31211                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        25521                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        56732                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles           55                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24818                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        20178                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        44996                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles           78                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24740                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        20128                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        44868                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles           69                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24486                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses        20126                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        44612                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.fully_busy_cycles           75                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24739                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses        20129                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        44868                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.fully_busy_cycles           80                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24743                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses        20125                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        44868                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.fully_busy_cycles           76                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24614                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses        20126                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        44740                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.fully_busy_cycles           78                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24868                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses        20128                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        44996                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.fully_busy_cycles           77                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits        29172                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses        22464                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        51636                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.fully_busy_cycles           89                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits        31313                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses        27123                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        58436                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.fully_busy_cycles           80                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits        35144                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses        27324                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        62468                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.fully_busy_cycles           70                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24863                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses        20133                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        44996                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.fully_busy_cycles           80                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits        29041                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses        22467                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        51508                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.fully_busy_cycles           87                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24868                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses        20128                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        44996                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.fully_busy_cycles           79                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24618                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses        20122                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        44740                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.fully_busy_cycles           87                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24618                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses        20122                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        44740                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.fully_busy_cycles           89                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24741                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses        20127                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        44868                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.fully_busy_cycles           80                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24727                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses        20141                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        44868                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.fully_busy_cycles           92                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24603                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses        20137                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        44740                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.fully_busy_cycles           88                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24849                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses        20147                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        44996                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.fully_busy_cycles           78                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24842                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses        20154                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        44996                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.fully_busy_cycles           82                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24595                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses        20145                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        44740                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.fully_busy_cycles           69                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24596                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses        20144                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        44740                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.fully_busy_cycles           81                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24715                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses        20153                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        44868                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.fully_busy_cycles           80                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits        30298                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses        24802                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        55100                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.fully_busy_cycles           97                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        51843                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        31999                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        83842                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        10228                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        27310                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        37538                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        10935                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        27345                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        38280                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits         9727                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        27316                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        37043                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits         8927                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        27311                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        36238                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits         8858                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        27291                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        36149                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits         8497                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        27281                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        35778                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         8241                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        27285                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        35526                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        11207                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        27319                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        38526                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits         9348                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        27310                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        36658                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.fully_busy_cycles           11                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits         9658                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        27288                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        36946                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.fully_busy_cycles           11                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits         8932                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        27275                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        36207                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.fully_busy_cycles            7                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits         9112                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        27384                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        36496                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits         8925                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        27251                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        36176                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits         9009                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        27259                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        36268                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits         9375                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        27248                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        36623                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits         8245                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        27259                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        35504                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        10050                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        27309                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        37359                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits         8847                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        27302                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        36149                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits         8909                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        27284                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        36193                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits         9393                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        27260                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        36653                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits         9931                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        27257                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        37188                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits         9943                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        27256                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        37199                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits         9386                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        27346                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        36732                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        12173                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        27237                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        39410                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        12787                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        27277                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        40064                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits         9486                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        27293                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        36779                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits         9058                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        27256                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        36314                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         8539                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        27261                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        35800                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         7756                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        27295                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        35051                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        10245                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        27298                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        37543                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        10258                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        27307                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        37565                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          761                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      8606819                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      8606819                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8705694                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8606819                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4074748                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4071655                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      8606819                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.080233                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      5214570                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      5214570                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5328414                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5214570                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3444358                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3413290                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      5214570                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.048610                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      3535767                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      3535767                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3584674                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3535767                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1576258                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1574443                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      3535767                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.032960                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      3104355                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      3104355                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3150844                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3104355                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1493182                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1491063                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      3104355                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.028939                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      3464039                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      3464039                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3500313                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3464039                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1974002                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1971727                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      3464039                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.032292                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      3679741                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      3679741                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3729821                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3679741                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2135590                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2132377                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      3679741                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.034302                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      4450261                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      4450261                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4508415                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4450261                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1919229                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1917205                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      4450261                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.041485                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      3590137                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      3590137                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3652680                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3590137                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1877596                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1870809                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      3590137                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.033467                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      1969613                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      1969613                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1989785                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1969613                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity       957780                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity       956737                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      1969613                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.018361                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      2312769                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      2312769                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2333423                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2312769                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1282226                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1280933                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      2312769                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.021560                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      2226464                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      2226464                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2251353                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2226464                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1096460                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1095268                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      2226464                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.020755                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      2096605                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      2096605                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2116865                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2096605                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       975122                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       974013                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      2096605                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.019545                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      2624944                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      2624944                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2651829                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2624944                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1386910                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1385552                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      2624944                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.024470                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      2362157                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      2362157                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2389984                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2362157                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1132602                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1131353                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      2362156                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.022020                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1417011                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1417011                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1432886                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1417011                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       748858                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       747611                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1417011                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.013209                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      1982579                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      1982579                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2009865                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1982579                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1080382                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1078499                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      1982579                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.018482                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      2565692                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      2565692                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2595361                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2565692                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1293804                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1292248                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      2565692                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.023917                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      2286820                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      2286820                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2314975                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2286820                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1280279                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1278240                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      2286820                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.021318                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      2076099                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      2076099                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2105304                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2076099                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1136775                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1134811                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      2076099                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.019353                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      1451935                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      1451935                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1468368                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1451935                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       768731                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       767523                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      1451935                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.013535                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1164145                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1164145                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1169958                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1164145                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       594231                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       594069                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1164145                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.010852                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      1441738                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      1441738                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1450905                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1441738                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       785285                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       784902                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      1441738                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.013440                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      1407309                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      1407309                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1418763                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1407309                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       719021                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       718633                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      1407309                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.013119                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       939277                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       939277                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       943895                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       939277                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       486535                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       486365                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       939277                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.008756                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1123489                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1123489                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1129512                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1123489                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       549690                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       549545                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1123489                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.010473                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      1429997                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      1429997                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1439185                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1429997                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       775372                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       775057                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      1429997                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.013330                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      1395961                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      1395961                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1406982                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1395961                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       709110                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       708765                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      1395961                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.013013                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       947769                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       947769                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       952040                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       947769                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       489699                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       489509                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       947769                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.008835                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      3862733                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      3862733                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4001370                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3862733                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1828558                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1824633                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      3862733                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.036008                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      3961559                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      3961559                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4092493                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3961559                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1899181                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1895771                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      3961559                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.036930                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      4099686                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      4099686                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4241894                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4099686                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1964599                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1960038                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      4099686                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.038217                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      4287374                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      4287374                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4435071                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4287374                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2093478                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2089110                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      4287374                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.039967                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     6217655     28.87%     28.87% |    14177198     65.82%     94.69% |     1143088      5.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     21537941                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     6217656     28.87%     28.87% |    14177199     65.82%     94.69% |     1143088      5.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     21537943                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   164369276                       |   347489567                       |    27686511                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |    15586804                       |    45643568                       |     1168811                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   26.435895                       |   24.510455                       |   24.220805                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    2.506862                       |    3.219506                       |    1.022503                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    25.050925                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     2.897175                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         27.948100                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.003287                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.073144      7.22%      7.22% |    0.073341      7.24%     14.47% |    0.073084      7.22%     21.69% |    0.073257      7.24%     28.92% |    0.165498     16.34%     45.27% |    0.165527     16.35%     61.61% |    0.165514     16.35%     77.96% |    0.165487     16.34%     94.30% |    0.014417      1.42%     95.73% |    0.014420      1.42%     97.15% |    0.014421      1.42%     98.58% |    0.014419      1.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.012530                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.025367                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.025215                       |    0.000002                       |    0.001417                       |    0.000684                       |    0.000602                       |    0.000621                       |    0.000761                       |    0.000762                       |    0.000598                       |    0.000597                       |    0.000598                       |    0.000597                       |    0.000597                       |    0.000597                       |    0.000597                       |    0.000666                       |    0.000800                       |    0.000806                       |    0.000598                       |    0.000665                       |    0.000598                       |    0.000597                       |    0.000598                       |    0.000598                       |    0.000598                       |    0.000597                       |    0.000598                       |    0.000598                       |    0.000598                       |    0.000598                       |    0.000598                       |    0.000734                       |    0.005526                       |    0.002799                       |    0.002745                       |    0.002757                       |    0.002760                       |    0.002728                       |    0.002703                       |    0.002666                       |    0.002804                       |    0.002790                       |    0.002842                       |    0.002774                       |    0.002731                       |    0.002718                       |    0.002700                       |    0.002688                       |    0.002854                       |    0.002747                       |    0.002768                       |    0.002729                       |    0.002730                       |    0.002730                       |    0.002751                       |    0.002690                       |    0.002793                       |    0.002724                       |    0.002730                       |    0.002741                       |    0.002779                       |    0.002767                       |    0.002892                       |    0.002934                       |    0.012311                       |    0.012082                       |    0.012082                       |    0.012082                       |    0.000228                       |           0                       |    0.000692                       |    0.007905                       |    0.000315                       |    0.000263                       |    0.000230                       |    0.000245                       |    0.000295                       |    0.000298                       |    0.000220                       |    0.000224                       |    0.000220                       |    0.000223                       |    0.000227                       |    0.000221                       |    0.000218                       |    0.000245                       |    0.000295                       |    0.000313                       |    0.000223                       |    0.000245                       |    0.000219                       |    0.000218                       |    0.000217                       |    0.000216                       |    0.000219                       |    0.000220                       |    0.000220                       |    0.000218                       |    0.000222                       |    0.000226                       |    0.000221                       |    0.000278                       |    0.001122                       |    0.002853                       |    0.000231                       |           0                       |    0.000219                       |    0.003564                       |    0.002863                       |    0.001124                       |    0.002887                       |    0.000220                       |    0.004725                       |    0.006538                       |    0.002867                       |    0.001123                       |    0.002883                       |    0.006216                       |    0.000222                       |    0.008910                       |    0.012949                       |    0.003706                       |    0.002170                       |    0.002845                       |    0.000315                       |    0.008119                       |    0.007945                       |    0.011566                       |    0.001274                       |    0.002833                       |    0.000263                       |    0.010918                       |    0.007476                       |    0.006175                       |    0.001123                       |    0.002820                       |    0.006034                       |    0.000226                       |    0.013413                       |    0.008823                       |    0.004491                       |    0.001122                       |    0.002846                       |    0.000223                       |    0.006336                       |    0.004614                       |    0.004404                       |    0.001123                       |    0.002874                       |    0.000219                       |    0.003391                       |    0.002867                       |    0.001122                       |    0.002828                       |    0.000218                       |    0.002353                       |    0.003335                       |    0.003585                       |    0.001122                       |    0.002832                       |    0.000224                       |    0.002265                       |    0.005165                       |    0.006312                       |    0.003640                       |    0.001129                       |    0.002857                       |    0.000230                       |    0.005442                       |    0.009977                       |    0.008089                       |    0.004568                       |    0.030578                       |    0.004784                       |    0.000692                       |    0.004617                       |    0.016177                       |    0.017750                       |    0.005635                       |    0.000004                       |    0.002856                       |    0.007905                       |    0.003877                       |    0.011703                       |    0.016712                       |    0.005554                       |    0.001152                       |    0.002810                       |    0.000245                       |    0.007445                       |    0.007252                       |    0.009924                       |    0.005476                       |    0.001122                       |    0.002843                       |    0.000227                       |    0.003737                       |    0.006244                       |    0.005153                       |    0.005144                       |    0.001122                       |    0.002817                       |    0.000220                       |    0.002250                       |    0.003330                       |    0.003591                       |    0.001122                       |    0.002862                       |    0.000217                       |    0.001866                       |    0.003354                       |    0.003699                       |    0.001122                       |    0.002909                       |    0.000220                       |    0.001770                       |    0.004645                       |    0.006381                       |    0.003708                       |    0.001124                       |    0.002953                       |    0.006034                       |    0.000221                       |    0.002505                       |    0.008769                       |    0.012800                       |    0.003812                       |    0.001424                       |    0.002808                       |    0.000295                       |    0.017442                       |    0.007907                       |    0.007433                       |    0.004177                       |    0.001424                       |    0.002789                       |    0.000298                       |    0.006727                       |    0.011020                       |    0.007101                       |    0.004109                       |    0.001383                       |    0.002945                       |    0.006033                       |    0.000278                       |    0.003262                       |    0.013620                       |    0.008681                       |    0.003765                       |    0.001122                       |    0.002797                       |    0.000221                       |    0.003257                       |    0.006231                       |    0.004541                       |    0.003851                       |    0.001123                       |    0.002851                       |    0.000220                       |    0.001769                       |    0.003336                       |    0.003715                       |    0.001122                       |    0.002802                       |    0.000216                       |    0.001324                       |    0.003293                       |    0.001122                       |    0.002809                       |    0.000218                       |    0.001332                       |    0.001553                       |    0.006175                       |    0.001253                       |    0.002788                       |    0.000245                       |    0.003568                       |    0.002693                       |    0.007935                       |    0.001513                       |    0.002916                       |    0.000295                       |    0.008271                       |    0.004896                       |    0.006026                       |    0.001524                       |    0.002815                       |    0.000313                       |    0.003133                       |    0.007856                       |    0.005676                       |    0.001122                       |    0.002863                       |    0.000223                       |    0.005130                       |    0.007317                       |    0.002698                       |    0.001253                       |    0.002828                       |    0.000245                       |    0.001323                       |    0.006324                       |    0.001562                       |    0.001123                       |    0.002815                       |    0.000218                       |    0.001333                       |    0.003346                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.012530                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         7249423                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      7249423                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       341241                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      5614386                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         4984792                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     88.786058                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          477394                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29459                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             10227696                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              52583                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             7810968                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             44940                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         10280279                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         7855908                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  18038664                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                   97523                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              18136187                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              3820796                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9749                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          3830545                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   3820796                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9749                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               3830545                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                100444894                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     14462141                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               40454949                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             7249423                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      5462186                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              81026093                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          756348                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             143609                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       159468                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       228246                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3322                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       318477                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           3820121                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        137869                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3936                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     96719530                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.788020                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.146180                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         82398003     85.19%     85.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1559328      1.61%     86.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1006814      1.04%     87.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          2410583      2.49%     90.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1232388      1.27%     91.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           665585      0.69%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6           810605      0.84%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           798717      0.83%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          5837507      6.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     96719530                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.072173                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.402758                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          9904234                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      76506846                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           5771297                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       4158972                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         378174                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       70465241                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         378174                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         11670126                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        43778191                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      6470669                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           7989982                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      26432381                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       69052184                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         65288                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        4045829                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         357303                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       20634632                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     80944181                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     156713910                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     96873810                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          136                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      68460427                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         12483724                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       176720                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       179019                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          26941069                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      5738499                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      8034637                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1298360                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1099635                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           67244771                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       393166                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          69855625                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       172381                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7814973                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     12079872                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        62765                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     96719530                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.722249                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.498803                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     71368675     73.79%     73.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      8167037      8.44%     82.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      5614050      5.80%     88.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      3503260      3.62%     91.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3129106      3.24%     94.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2920379      3.02%     97.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1482294      1.53%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       339207      0.35%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       195522      0.20%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     96719530                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          181138     20.19%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         631677     70.39%     90.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         84542      9.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       272899      0.39%      0.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      51233087     73.34%     73.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        28093      0.04%     73.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52350      0.07%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10366697     14.84%     88.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7902499     11.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       69855625                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.695462                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              897357                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.012846                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    237500422                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     75459977                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     63981011                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           95                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          252                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           36                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       70480035                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              48                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1323229                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1154712                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2674                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7470                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       518966                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1783                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5327048                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         378174                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5708108                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      33865897                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     67637937                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        97344                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       5738499                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8034637                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       383950                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         297046                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      33448135                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7470                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       179363                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       213840                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       393203                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      69278307                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      10217032                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       480301                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             18042803                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          5684636                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            7825771                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.689715                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               64061349                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              63981047                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          38967861                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          60906283                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.636977                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.639800                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8831664                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       330401                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       354267                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     95328274                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.616752                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.568172                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     76107557     79.84%     79.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      6132555      6.43%     86.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4108631      4.31%     90.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2194163      2.30%     92.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2378950      2.50%     95.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1820316      1.91%     97.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       480843      0.50%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       482902      0.51%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1622357      1.70%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     95328274                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     32067717                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       58793914                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               12099445                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               4583782                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5816                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            5303088                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          58419733                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       398699                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       158979      0.27%      0.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     46457756     79.02%     79.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        26892      0.05%     79.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50842      0.09%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      4583782      7.80%     87.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      7515663     12.78%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     58793914                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1622357                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            161257449                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           136648779                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   85046                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3725364                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              6827941                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            32067717                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              58793914                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       3.132275                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 3.132275                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.319257                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.319257                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         98512177                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        50141651                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                36                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          28162436                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         24094105                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        29856471                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         168737                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               4538305500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            4538305500.000008                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-2.68435e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-2.95279e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.95279e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.48966e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.48966e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.02653e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.5634e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.5634e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.10027e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.10027e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size         1024                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket        10239                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3381025                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        27.521388                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       24.387966                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       14.225696                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     3381021    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3381025                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       4030474                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        26.076871                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       23.802627                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       10.478414                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     4027143     99.92%     99.92% |        3137      0.08%    100.00% |         100      0.00%    100.00% |          65      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         4030474                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size           16                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket          159                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         44883                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        25.424771                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       23.268164                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev       10.652943                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |        6149     13.70%     13.70% |       25666     57.18%     70.88% |       11864     26.43%     97.32% |         874      1.95%     99.26% |         261      0.58%     99.85% |          69      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           44883                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         20479                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          5344881                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           52.422930                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           5.737656                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         280.899374                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     5330489     99.73%     99.73% |        5846      0.11%     99.84% |        4594      0.09%     99.93% |        3850      0.07%    100.00% |         100      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            5344881                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      4540027                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000637                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000547                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.025792                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     4537177     99.94%     99.94% |        2830      0.06%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        4540027                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       804854                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     331.204606                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    222.235757                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    657.641658                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      790462     98.21%     98.21% |        5846      0.73%     98.94% |        4594      0.57%     99.51% |        3850      0.48%     99.99% |         100      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        804854                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          7581639                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean            9.186057                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.472513                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          35.761181                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     7392160     97.50%     97.50% |      166606      2.20%     99.70% |       19519      0.26%     99.96% |         314      0.00%     99.96% |        1316      0.02%     99.98% |        1507      0.02%    100.00% |         194      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            7581639                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      7293979                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000251                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000217                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.015868                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     7292150     99.97%     99.97% |        1828      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        7293979                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       287660                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     166.034902                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    141.430545                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev     90.189961                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |       98181     34.13%     34.13% |      166606     57.92%     92.05% |       19519      6.79%     98.83% |         314      0.11%     98.94% |        1316      0.46%     99.40% |        1507      0.52%     99.92% |         194      0.07%     99.99% |           5      0.00%     99.99% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        287660                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      3813673                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        5.656315                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.331023                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      17.653286                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     3800291     99.65%     99.65% |       11000      0.29%     99.94% |        2112      0.06%     99.99% |          54      0.00%     99.99% |          92      0.00%    100.00% |         106      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        3813673                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      3689658                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000521                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3689657    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      3689658                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       124015                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    84.686199                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    74.986516                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    55.926634                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      110633     89.21%     89.21% |       11000      8.87%     98.08% |        2112      1.70%     99.78% |          54      0.04%     99.83% |          92      0.07%     99.90% |         106      0.09%     99.99% |          17      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       124015                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       156177                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      8.711161                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.645053                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    30.009898                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      154228     98.75%     98.75% |        1498      0.96%     99.71% |         392      0.25%     99.96% |          19      0.01%     99.97% |          19      0.01%     99.99% |          14      0.01%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       156177                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       146940                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000837                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000723                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.028920                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      146817     99.92%     99.92% |         123      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       146940                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples         9237                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    99.549637                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    80.456273                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    80.357148                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        7288     78.90%     78.90% |        1498     16.22%     95.12% |         392      4.24%     99.36% |          19      0.21%     99.57% |          19      0.21%     99.77% |          14      0.15%     99.92% |           7      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total         9237                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.364472                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.451551                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.669480                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         623     95.41%     95.41% |          20      3.06%     98.47% |           5      0.77%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           3      0.46%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         623    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    76.233333                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    63.468662                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    58.353668                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          20     66.67%     66.67% |           5     16.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           3     10.00%     93.33% |           1      3.33%     96.67% |           1      3.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        13274                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       766648                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        60946                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    18009                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    17042                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                     2056                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    27222                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                     1851                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                        0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    17032                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                     2557                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                    27102                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                     2571                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   13610                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                    1835                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                   26948                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                    2061                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                   13630                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                    2559                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                   27351                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                    2789                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                   17084                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                    2770                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                   34068                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_hits                    2794                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_hits                   17066                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_hits                    2772                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_hits                   33712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_hits                    2788                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_hits                   13646                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_hits                    1839                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_hits                   27339                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_hits                    1852                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_hits                   13659                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_hits                    1838                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_hits                   27226                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_hits                    1852                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_hits                   13652                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_hits                    1836                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_hits                   26961                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_hits                    1852                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_hits                   13648                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_hits                    1835                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_hits                   27203                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_hits                    1852                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_hits                   13650                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_hits                    1839                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_hits                   27214                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_hits                    1849                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_hits                   13638                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_hits                    1836                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_hits                   27092                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_hits                    1848                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_hits                   13625                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_hits                    1842                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_hits                   27333                      
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_hits                    1856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_hits                   13633                      
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_hits                    1839                      
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_hits                   33930                      
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_hits                    1847                      
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_hits                   20483                      
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_hits                    1837                      
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_hits                   33827                      
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_hits                    1851                      
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_hits                   17088                      
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_hits                    2045                      
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_hits                   41058                      
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_hits                    1850                      
system.ruby.lcacc_80.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_81.tlb_hits                   13624                      
system.ruby.lcacc_82.tlb_hits                    1837                      
system.ruby.lcacc_83.tlb_hits                   27323                      
system.ruby.lcacc_84.tlb_hits                    1853                      
system.ruby.lcacc_85.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_86.tlb_hits                   13638                      
system.ruby.lcacc_87.tlb_hits                    1837                      
system.ruby.lcacc_88.tlb_hits                   33766                      
system.ruby.lcacc_89.tlb_hits                    1852                      
system.ruby.lcacc_90.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_91.tlb_hits                   13646                      
system.ruby.lcacc_92.tlb_hits                    1842                      
system.ruby.lcacc_93.tlb_hits                   27322                      
system.ruby.lcacc_94.tlb_hits                    1857                      
system.ruby.lcacc_95.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_96.tlb_hits                   13632                      
system.ruby.lcacc_97.tlb_hits                    1837                      
system.ruby.lcacc_98.tlb_hits                   27068                      
system.ruby.lcacc_99.tlb_hits                    1851                      
system.ruby.lcacc_100.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_101.tlb_hits                  13650                      
system.ruby.lcacc_102.tlb_hits                   1840                      
system.ruby.lcacc_103.tlb_hits                  27075                      
system.ruby.lcacc_104.tlb_hits                   1853                      
system.ruby.lcacc_105.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_106.tlb_hits                  13635                      
system.ruby.lcacc_107.tlb_hits                   1840                      
system.ruby.lcacc_108.tlb_hits                  27225                      
system.ruby.lcacc_109.tlb_hits                   1853                      
system.ruby.lcacc_110.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_111.tlb_hits                  13642                      
system.ruby.lcacc_112.tlb_hits                   1839                      
system.ruby.lcacc_113.tlb_hits                  27205                      
system.ruby.lcacc_114.tlb_hits                   1853                      
system.ruby.lcacc_115.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_116.tlb_hits                  13646                      
system.ruby.lcacc_117.tlb_hits                   1837                      
system.ruby.lcacc_118.tlb_hits                  27093                      
system.ruby.lcacc_119.tlb_hits                   1851                      
system.ruby.lcacc_120.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_121.tlb_hits                  13659                      
system.ruby.lcacc_122.tlb_hits                   1839                      
system.ruby.lcacc_123.tlb_hits                  27351                      
system.ruby.lcacc_124.tlb_hits                   1853                      
system.ruby.lcacc_125.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_126.tlb_hits                  13642                      
system.ruby.lcacc_127.tlb_hits                   1837                      
system.ruby.lcacc_128.tlb_hits                  27352                      
system.ruby.lcacc_129.tlb_hits                   1850                      
system.ruby.lcacc_130.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_131.tlb_hits                  13658                      
system.ruby.lcacc_132.tlb_hits                   1837                      
system.ruby.lcacc_133.tlb_hits                  27086                      
system.ruby.lcacc_134.tlb_hits                   1851                      
system.ruby.lcacc_135.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_136.tlb_hits                  13632                      
system.ruby.lcacc_137.tlb_hits                   1838                      
system.ruby.lcacc_138.tlb_hits                  27076                      
system.ruby.lcacc_139.tlb_hits                   1852                      
system.ruby.lcacc_140.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_141.tlb_hits                  13644                      
system.ruby.lcacc_142.tlb_hits                   1839                      
system.ruby.lcacc_143.tlb_hits                  27222                      
system.ruby.lcacc_144.tlb_hits                   1854                      
system.ruby.lcacc_145.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_146.tlb_hits                  17044                      
system.ruby.lcacc_147.tlb_hits                   1838                      
system.ruby.lcacc_148.tlb_hits                  33930                      
system.ruby.lcacc_149.tlb_hits                   1852                      
system.ruby.lcacc_150.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_151.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_152.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_153.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_154.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_155.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_156.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_157.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_158.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_159.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                    423                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                    310                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                     48                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                    234                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                     37                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                    320                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                     59                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                    226                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                     45                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                   278                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                    53                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                   252                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                    43                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                   258                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                    57                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                   233                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                    43                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                   268                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                    62                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                   284                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_misses                    38                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_misses                   286                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_misses                    60                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_misses                   256                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_misses                    44                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_misses                   242                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_misses                    49                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_misses                   245                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_misses                    36                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_misses                   229                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_misses                    50                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_misses                   230                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_misses                    36                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_misses                   236                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_misses                    52                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_misses                   239                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_misses                    36                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_misses                   240                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_misses                    53                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_misses                   253                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_misses                    36                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_misses                   238                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_misses                    49                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_misses                   242                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_misses                    39                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_misses                   250                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_misses                    52                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_misses                   236                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_misses                    40                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_misses                   263                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_misses                    46                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_misses                   251                      
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_misses                    32                      
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_misses                   255                      
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_misses                    49                      
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_misses                   294                      
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_misses                    41                      
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_misses                   333                      
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_misses                    51                      
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_misses                   269                      
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_misses                    37                      
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_misses                   264                      
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_misses                    59                      
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_misses                   318                      
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_misses                    38                      
system.ruby.lcacc_80.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_81.tlb_misses                   264                      
system.ruby.lcacc_82.tlb_misses                    51                      
system.ruby.lcacc_83.tlb_misses                   261                      
system.ruby.lcacc_84.tlb_misses                    35                      
system.ruby.lcacc_85.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_86.tlb_misses                   250                      
system.ruby.lcacc_87.tlb_misses                    51                      
system.ruby.lcacc_88.tlb_misses                   330                      
system.ruby.lcacc_89.tlb_misses                    36                      
system.ruby.lcacc_90.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_91.tlb_misses                   242                      
system.ruby.lcacc_92.tlb_misses                    46                      
system.ruby.lcacc_93.tlb_misses                   262                      
system.ruby.lcacc_94.tlb_misses                    31                      
system.ruby.lcacc_95.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_96.tlb_misses                   256                      
system.ruby.lcacc_97.tlb_misses                    51                      
system.ruby.lcacc_98.tlb_misses                   260                      
system.ruby.lcacc_99.tlb_misses                    37                      
system.ruby.lcacc_100.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_101.tlb_misses                  238                      
system.ruby.lcacc_102.tlb_misses                   48                      
system.ruby.lcacc_103.tlb_misses                  253                      
system.ruby.lcacc_104.tlb_misses                   35                      
system.ruby.lcacc_105.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_106.tlb_misses                  253                      
system.ruby.lcacc_107.tlb_misses                   48                      
system.ruby.lcacc_108.tlb_misses                  231                      
system.ruby.lcacc_109.tlb_misses                   35                      
system.ruby.lcacc_110.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_111.tlb_misses                  246                      
system.ruby.lcacc_112.tlb_misses                   49                      
system.ruby.lcacc_113.tlb_misses                  251                      
system.ruby.lcacc_114.tlb_misses                   35                      
system.ruby.lcacc_115.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_116.tlb_misses                  242                      
system.ruby.lcacc_117.tlb_misses                   51                      
system.ruby.lcacc_118.tlb_misses                  235                      
system.ruby.lcacc_119.tlb_misses                   37                      
system.ruby.lcacc_120.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_121.tlb_misses                  229                      
system.ruby.lcacc_122.tlb_misses                   49                      
system.ruby.lcacc_123.tlb_misses                  233                      
system.ruby.lcacc_124.tlb_misses                   35                      
system.ruby.lcacc_125.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_126.tlb_misses                  246                      
system.ruby.lcacc_127.tlb_misses                   51                      
system.ruby.lcacc_128.tlb_misses                  232                      
system.ruby.lcacc_129.tlb_misses                   38                      
system.ruby.lcacc_130.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_131.tlb_misses                  230                      
system.ruby.lcacc_132.tlb_misses                   51                      
system.ruby.lcacc_133.tlb_misses                  242                      
system.ruby.lcacc_134.tlb_misses                   37                      
system.ruby.lcacc_135.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_136.tlb_misses                  256                      
system.ruby.lcacc_137.tlb_misses                   50                      
system.ruby.lcacc_138.tlb_misses                  252                      
system.ruby.lcacc_139.tlb_misses                   36                      
system.ruby.lcacc_140.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_141.tlb_misses                  244                      
system.ruby.lcacc_142.tlb_misses                   49                      
system.ruby.lcacc_143.tlb_misses                  234                      
system.ruby.lcacc_144.tlb_misses                   34                      
system.ruby.lcacc_145.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_146.tlb_misses                  308                      
system.ruby.lcacc_147.tlb_misses                   50                      
system.ruby.lcacc_148.tlb_misses                  294                      
system.ruby.lcacc_149.tlb_misses                   36                      
system.ruby.lcacc_150.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_151.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_152.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_153.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_154.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_155.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_156.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_157.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_158.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_159.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                     5790                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                       80                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                       93                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                       43                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                       21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                        0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                      105                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                       93                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                       20                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                       21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                      84                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                      86                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                      52                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                      62                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                      86                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                      19                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                      56                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                      89                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                      53                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshrhits                      75                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshrhits                      79                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshrhits                      19                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshrhits                      73                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.mshrhits                      94                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.mshrhits                      54                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.mshrhits                      64                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.mshrhits                      95                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.mshrhits                      54                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.mshrhits                      67                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.mshrhits                      93                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.mshrhits                      56                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.mshrhits                      63                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.mshrhits                      91                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.mshrhits                      67                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.mshrhits                      71                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.mshrhits                      90                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.mshrhits                      53                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.mshrhits                      83                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.mshrhits                      88                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.mshrhits                      52                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.mshrhits                      84                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.mshrhits                      99                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.mshrhits                      49                      
system.ruby.lcacc_64.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_65.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_66.mshrhits                      81                      
system.ruby.lcacc_67.mshrhits                      98                      
system.ruby.lcacc_68.mshrhits                      64                      
system.ruby.lcacc_69.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_70.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_71.mshrhits                      89                      
system.ruby.lcacc_72.mshrhits                      97                      
system.ruby.lcacc_73.mshrhits                      54                      
system.ruby.lcacc_74.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_75.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_76.mshrhits                      58                      
system.ruby.lcacc_77.mshrhits                      98                      
system.ruby.lcacc_78.mshrhits                      60                      
system.ruby.lcacc_79.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_80.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_81.mshrhits                      69                      
system.ruby.lcacc_82.mshrhits                     101                      
system.ruby.lcacc_83.mshrhits                      56                      
system.ruby.lcacc_84.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_85.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_86.mshrhits                      65                      
system.ruby.lcacc_87.mshrhits                     102                      
system.ruby.lcacc_88.mshrhits                      88                      
system.ruby.lcacc_89.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_90.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_91.mshrhits                      66                      
system.ruby.lcacc_92.mshrhits                     102                      
system.ruby.lcacc_93.mshrhits                      64                      
system.ruby.lcacc_94.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_95.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_96.mshrhits                      81                      
system.ruby.lcacc_97.mshrhits                     101                      
system.ruby.lcacc_98.mshrhits                      56                      
system.ruby.lcacc_99.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_100.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_101.mshrhits                     80                      
system.ruby.lcacc_102.mshrhits                    101                      
system.ruby.lcacc_103.mshrhits                     71                      
system.ruby.lcacc_104.mshrhits                     21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_105.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_106.mshrhits                     88                      
system.ruby.lcacc_107.mshrhits                     91                      
system.ruby.lcacc_108.mshrhits                     50                      
system.ruby.lcacc_109.mshrhits                     21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_110.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_111.mshrhits                     81                      
system.ruby.lcacc_112.mshrhits                     97                      
system.ruby.lcacc_113.mshrhits                     76                      
system.ruby.lcacc_114.mshrhits                     21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_115.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_116.mshrhits                     83                      
system.ruby.lcacc_117.mshrhits                     96                      
system.ruby.lcacc_118.mshrhits                     59                      
system.ruby.lcacc_119.mshrhits                     21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_120.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_121.mshrhits                     70                      
system.ruby.lcacc_122.mshrhits                     95                      
system.ruby.lcacc_123.mshrhits                     60                      
system.ruby.lcacc_124.mshrhits                     21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_125.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_126.mshrhits                     76                      
system.ruby.lcacc_127.mshrhits                    103                      
system.ruby.lcacc_128.mshrhits                     50                      
system.ruby.lcacc_129.mshrhits                     21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_130.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_131.mshrhits                     63                      
system.ruby.lcacc_132.mshrhits                     99                      
system.ruby.lcacc_133.mshrhits                     50                      
system.ruby.lcacc_134.mshrhits                     21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_135.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_136.mshrhits                     85                      
system.ruby.lcacc_137.mshrhits                     99                      
system.ruby.lcacc_138.mshrhits                     55                      
system.ruby.lcacc_139.mshrhits                     21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_140.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_141.mshrhits                     80                      
system.ruby.lcacc_142.mshrhits                     98                      
system.ruby.lcacc_143.mshrhits                     54                      
system.ruby.lcacc_144.mshrhits                     21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_145.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_146.mshrhits                     98                      
system.ruby.lcacc_147.mshrhits                    101                      
system.ruby.lcacc_148.mshrhits                     68                      
system.ruby.lcacc_149.mshrhits                     21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_150.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_151.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_152.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_153.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_154.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_155.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_156.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_157.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_158.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_159.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                18432                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                17352                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                 2104                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                27456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                 1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                17352                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                 2616                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses                27328                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                 2616                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               13888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses               27200                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses                2104                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses               13888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses                2616                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses               27584                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses                2832                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses               17352                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses                2832                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses               34352                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_accesses                2832                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_accesses               17352                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_accesses                2832                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_accesses               33968                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_accesses                2832                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_accesses               13888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_accesses               27584                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_accesses               13888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_accesses               27456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_accesses               13888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_accesses               27200                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_accesses               13888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_accesses               27456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_accesses               13888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_accesses               27456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_accesses               13888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_accesses               27328                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_accesses               13888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_accesses               27584                      
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_accesses               13888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_accesses               34224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_accesses               20816                      
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_accesses               34096                      
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_accesses               17352                      
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_accesses                2104                      
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_accesses               41376                      
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_80.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_81.tlb_accesses               13888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_82.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_83.tlb_accesses               27584                      
system.ruby.lcacc_84.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_85.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_86.tlb_accesses               13888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_87.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_88.tlb_accesses               34096                      
system.ruby.lcacc_89.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_90.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_91.tlb_accesses               13888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_92.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_93.tlb_accesses               27584                      
system.ruby.lcacc_94.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_95.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_96.tlb_accesses               13888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_97.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_98.tlb_accesses               27328                      
system.ruby.lcacc_99.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_100.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_101.tlb_accesses              13888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_102.tlb_accesses               1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_103.tlb_accesses              27328                      
system.ruby.lcacc_104.tlb_accesses               1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_105.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_106.tlb_accesses              13888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_107.tlb_accesses               1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_108.tlb_accesses              27456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_109.tlb_accesses               1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_110.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_111.tlb_accesses              13888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_112.tlb_accesses               1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_113.tlb_accesses              27456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_114.tlb_accesses               1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_115.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_116.tlb_accesses              13888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_117.tlb_accesses               1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_118.tlb_accesses              27328                      
system.ruby.lcacc_119.tlb_accesses               1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_120.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_121.tlb_accesses              13888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_122.tlb_accesses               1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_123.tlb_accesses              27584                      
system.ruby.lcacc_124.tlb_accesses               1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_125.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_126.tlb_accesses              13888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_127.tlb_accesses               1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_128.tlb_accesses              27584                      
system.ruby.lcacc_129.tlb_accesses               1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_130.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_131.tlb_accesses              13888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_132.tlb_accesses               1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_133.tlb_accesses              27328                      
system.ruby.lcacc_134.tlb_accesses               1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_135.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_136.tlb_accesses              13888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_137.tlb_accesses               1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_138.tlb_accesses              27328                      
system.ruby.lcacc_139.tlb_accesses               1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_140.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_141.tlb_accesses              13888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_142.tlb_accesses               1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_143.tlb_accesses              27456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_144.tlb_accesses               1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_145.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_146.tlb_accesses              17352                      
system.ruby.lcacc_147.tlb_accesses               1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_148.tlb_accesses              34224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_149.tlb_accesses               1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_150.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_151.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_152.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_153.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_154.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_155.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_156.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_157.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_158.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_159.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_80.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_81.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_82.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_83.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_84.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_85.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_86.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_87.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_88.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_89.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_90.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_91.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_92.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_93.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_94.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_95.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_96.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_97.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_98.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_99.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_100.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_101.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_102.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_103.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_104.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_105.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_106.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_107.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_108.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_109.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_110.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_111.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_112.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_113.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_114.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_115.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_116.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_117.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_118.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_119.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_120.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_121.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_122.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_123.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_124.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_125.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_126.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_127.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_128.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_129.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_130.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_131.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_132.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_133.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_134.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_135.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_136.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_137.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_138.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_139.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_140.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_141.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_142.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_143.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_144.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_145.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_146.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_147.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_148.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_149.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_150.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_151.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_152.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_153.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_154.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_155.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_156.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_157.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_158.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_159.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                  326584                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                  100294                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                   95582                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                   71660                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                   32277                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                  104133                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                  126156                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                   68829                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                   37087                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles                  87131                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles                  97585                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles                  77326                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles                  41256                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles             4294967295                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles             4295049643                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles             4295093099                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles             4295037488                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles             4295011041                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles             4294967295                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles             4295055747                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles             4295110780                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles             4295053921                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlbCycles             4295013870                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlbCycles             4294967295                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlbCycles             4295053994                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlbCycles             4295097324                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlbCycles             4295045136                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlbCycles             4295009829                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlbCycles             4294967295                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlbCycles             4295059305                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlbCycles             4295083426                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlbCycles             4295049726                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlbCycles             4295006757                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlbCycles             4294967295                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlbCycles             4295051249                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlbCycles             4295077715                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlbCycles             4295040863                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlbCycles             4295003323                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlbCycles             4294967295                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlbCycles             4295055051                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlbCycles             4295079683                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlbCycles             4295051037                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlbCycles             4295006728                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlbCycles             4294967295                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlbCycles             4295048392                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlbCycles             4295077943                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlbCycles             4295047449                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlbCycles             4295003353                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlbCycles             4294967295                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlbCycles             4295047066                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlbCycles             4295067714                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlbCycles             4295042848                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlbCycles             4295001132                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlbCycles             4294967295                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlbCycles             4295052566                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlbCycles             4295070376                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlbCycles             4295046367                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlbCycles             4295003688                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlbCycles             4294967295                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlbCycles             4295071261                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlbCycles             4295086961                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlbCycles             4295059738                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlbCycles             4295008517                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlbCycles             4294967295                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlbCycles             4295055414                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlbCycles             4295086574                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlbCycles             4295067808                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlbCycles             4295007318                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlbCycles             4294967295                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlbCycles             4295075713                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlbCycles             4295069190                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlbCycles             4295056638                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlbCycles             4295003418                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlbCycles             4294967295                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlbCycles             4295052262                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlbCycles             4295067703                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlbCycles             4295066446                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlbCycles             4295001276                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_80.tlbCycles             4294967295                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_81.tlbCycles             4295063202                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_82.tlbCycles             4295076225                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_83.tlbCycles             4295052669                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_84.tlbCycles             4295003966                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_85.tlbCycles             4294967295                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_86.tlbCycles             4295059184                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_87.tlbCycles             4295078708                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_88.tlbCycles             4295072472                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_89.tlbCycles             4295006348                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_90.tlbCycles             4294967295                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_91.tlbCycles             4295064061                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_92.tlbCycles             4295093211                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_93.tlbCycles             4295058749                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_94.tlbCycles             4295009055                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_95.tlbCycles             4294967295                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_96.tlbCycles             4295055889                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_97.tlbCycles             4295086145                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_98.tlbCycles             4295058959                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_99.tlbCycles             4295007256                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_100.tlbCycles            4294967295                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_101.tlbCycles            4295068358                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_102.tlbCycles            4295095387                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_103.tlbCycles            4295059822                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_104.tlbCycles            4295010764                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_105.tlbCycles            4294967295                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_106.tlbCycles            4295076172                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_107.tlbCycles            4295098805                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_108.tlbCycles            4295060895                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_109.tlbCycles            4295012141                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_110.tlbCycles            4294967295                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_111.tlbCycles            4295068107                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_112.tlbCycles            4295083802                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_113.tlbCycles            4295053021                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_114.tlbCycles            4295006060                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_115.tlbCycles            4294967295                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_116.tlbCycles            4295048067                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_117.tlbCycles            4295077227                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_118.tlbCycles            4295046843                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_119.tlbCycles            4295004133                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_120.tlbCycles            4294967295                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_121.tlbCycles            4295063447                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_122.tlbCycles            4295086187                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_123.tlbCycles            4295052156                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_124.tlbCycles            4295006371                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_125.tlbCycles            4294967295                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_126.tlbCycles            4295074394                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_127.tlbCycles            4295092393                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_128.tlbCycles            4295059306                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_129.tlbCycles            4295009922                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_130.tlbCycles            4294967295                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_131.tlbCycles            4295044768                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_132.tlbCycles            4295073624                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_133.tlbCycles            4295052074                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_134.tlbCycles            4295003745                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_135.tlbCycles            4294967295                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_136.tlbCycles            4295051356                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_137.tlbCycles            4295066125                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_138.tlbCycles            4295049769                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_139.tlbCycles            4295000793                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_140.tlbCycles            4294967295                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_141.tlbCycles            4295059584                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_142.tlbCycles            4295074540                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_143.tlbCycles            4295046450                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_144.tlbCycles            4295003151                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_145.tlbCycles            4294967295                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_146.tlbCycles            4295059204                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_147.tlbCycles            4295065939                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_148.tlbCycles            4295058235                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_149.tlbCycles            4295000297                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_150.tlbCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_151.tlbCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_152.tlbCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_153.tlbCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_154.tlbCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_155.tlbCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_156.tlbCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_157.tlbCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_158.tlbCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_159.tlbCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                    9216                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   16992                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                    1080                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   27168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                    1600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                       0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   16992                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                    1080                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                   27040                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                    2256                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  13600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                    864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                  26912                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                   1744                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                  13600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                   1080                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                  27296                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                   2400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                  16992                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                   1296                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                  33992                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_reads                   2400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_reads                  16992                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_reads                   1296                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_reads                  33608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_reads                   2400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_reads                  13600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_reads                    864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_reads                  27296                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_reads                   1600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_reads                  13600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_reads                    864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_reads                  27168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_reads                   1600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_reads                  13600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_reads                    864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_reads                  26912                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_reads                   1600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_reads                  13600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_reads                    864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_reads                  27168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_reads                   1600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_reads                  13600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_reads                    864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_reads                  27168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_reads                   1600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_reads                  13600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_reads                    864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_reads                  27040                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_reads                   1600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_reads                  13600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_reads                    864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_reads                  27296                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_64.dma_reads                   1600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_65.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_66.dma_reads                  13600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_67.dma_reads                    864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_68.dma_reads                  33864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_69.dma_reads                   1600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_70.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_71.dma_reads                  20384                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_72.dma_reads                    864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_73.dma_reads                  33736                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_74.dma_reads                   1600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_75.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_76.dma_reads                  16992                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_77.dma_reads                   1080                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_78.dma_reads                  40944                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_79.dma_reads                   1600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_80.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_81.dma_reads                  13600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_82.dma_reads                    864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_83.dma_reads                  27296                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_84.dma_reads                   1600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_85.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_86.dma_reads                  13600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_87.dma_reads                    864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_88.dma_reads                  33736                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_89.dma_reads                   1600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_90.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_91.dma_reads                  13600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_92.dma_reads                    864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_93.dma_reads                  27296                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_94.dma_reads                   1600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_95.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_96.dma_reads                  13600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_97.dma_reads                    864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_98.dma_reads                  27040                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_99.dma_reads                   1600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_100.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_101.dma_reads                 13600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_102.dma_reads                   864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_103.dma_reads                 27040                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_104.dma_reads                  1600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_105.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_106.dma_reads                 13600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_107.dma_reads                   864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_108.dma_reads                 27168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_109.dma_reads                  1600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_110.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_111.dma_reads                 13600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_112.dma_reads                   864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_113.dma_reads                 27168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_114.dma_reads                  1600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_115.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_116.dma_reads                 13600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_117.dma_reads                   864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_118.dma_reads                 27040                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_119.dma_reads                  1600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_120.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_121.dma_reads                 13600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_122.dma_reads                   864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_123.dma_reads                 27296                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_124.dma_reads                  1600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_125.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_126.dma_reads                 13600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_127.dma_reads                   864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_128.dma_reads                 27296                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_129.dma_reads                  1600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_130.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_131.dma_reads                 13600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_132.dma_reads                   864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_133.dma_reads                 27040                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_134.dma_reads                  1600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_135.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_136.dma_reads                 13600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_137.dma_reads                   864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_138.dma_reads                 27040                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_139.dma_reads                  1600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_140.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_141.dma_reads                 13600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_142.dma_reads                   864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_143.dma_reads                 27168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_144.dma_reads                  1600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_145.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_146.dma_reads                 16992                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_147.dma_reads                   864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_148.dma_reads                 33864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_149.dma_reads                  1600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_150.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_151.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_152.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_153.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_154.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_155.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_156.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_157.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_158.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_159.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   9216                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                    360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                   1024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                    288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                    288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                      0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                    360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   1536                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                    288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                    360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  1024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                   360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                  1536                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                   432                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                   360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                  1536                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                   360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_writes                   432                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_writes                   360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_writes                  1536                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_writes                   360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_writes                   432                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_writes                  1024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_writes                  1024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_writes                  1024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_writes                  1024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_writes                  1024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_writes                  1024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_writes                  1024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_64.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_65.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_66.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_67.dma_writes                  1024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_68.dma_writes                   360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_69.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_70.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_71.dma_writes                   432                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_72.dma_writes                  1024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_73.dma_writes                   360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_74.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_75.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_76.dma_writes                   360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_77.dma_writes                  1024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_78.dma_writes                   432                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_79.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_80.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_81.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_82.dma_writes                  1024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_83.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_84.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_85.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_86.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_87.dma_writes                  1024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_88.dma_writes                   360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_89.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_90.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_91.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_92.dma_writes                  1024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_93.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_94.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_95.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_96.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_97.dma_writes                  1024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_98.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_99.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_100.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_101.dma_writes                  288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_102.dma_writes                 1024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_103.dma_writes                  288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_104.dma_writes                  288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_105.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_106.dma_writes                  288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_107.dma_writes                 1024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_108.dma_writes                  288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_109.dma_writes                  288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_110.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_111.dma_writes                  288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_112.dma_writes                 1024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_113.dma_writes                  288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_114.dma_writes                  288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_115.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_116.dma_writes                  288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_117.dma_writes                 1024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_118.dma_writes                  288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_119.dma_writes                  288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_120.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_121.dma_writes                  288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_122.dma_writes                 1024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_123.dma_writes                  288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_124.dma_writes                  288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_125.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_126.dma_writes                  288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_127.dma_writes                 1024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_128.dma_writes                  288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_129.dma_writes                  288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_130.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_131.dma_writes                  288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_132.dma_writes                 1024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_133.dma_writes                  288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_134.dma_writes                  288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_135.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_136.dma_writes                  288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_137.dma_writes                 1024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_138.dma_writes                  288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_139.dma_writes                  288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_140.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_141.dma_writes                  288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_142.dma_writes                 1024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_143.dma_writes                  288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_144.dma_writes                  288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_145.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_146.dma_writes                  360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_147.dma_writes                 1024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_148.dma_writes                  360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_149.dma_writes                  288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_150.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_151.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_152.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_153.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_154.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_155.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_156.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_157.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_158.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_159.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                 9077                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                16688                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                 1041                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                26934                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                 1563                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                    0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                16672                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                 1034                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                26819                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 2211                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               13325                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits                 821                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits               26661                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits                1701                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits               13342                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits                1034                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits               27072                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits                2357                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits               16724                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits                1246                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits               33711                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readhits                2362                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readhits               16709                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readhits                1247                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readhits               33357                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readhits                2356                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readhits               13358                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readhits                 824                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readhits               27051                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readhits                1564                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readhits               13371                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readhits                 825                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readhits               26940                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readhits                1564                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_readhits               13365                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_readhits                 822                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_readhits               26673                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_readhits                1564                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_readhits               13360                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_readhits                 823                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_readhits               26920                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_readhits                1564                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_readhits               13364                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_readhits                 824                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_readhits               26931                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_readhits                1561                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_readhits               13351                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_readhits                 823                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_readhits               26808                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_readhits                1560                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_readhits               13338                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_readhits                 827                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_readhits               27051                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_readhits                1568                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_readhits               13345                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_readhits                 825                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_readhits               33577                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_readhits                1559                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_readhits               20051                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_readhits                 823                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_readhits               33470                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_readhits                1563                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_readhits               16728                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_readhits                1033                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_readhits               40628                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_readhits                1562                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_80.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_81.tlb_readhits               13341                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_82.tlb_readhits                 823                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_83.tlb_readhits               27037                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_84.tlb_readhits                1565                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_85.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_86.tlb_readhits               13353                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_87.tlb_readhits                 824                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_88.tlb_readhits               33410                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_89.tlb_readhits                1564                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_90.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_91.tlb_readhits               13358                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_92.tlb_readhits                 828                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_93.tlb_readhits               27034                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_94.tlb_readhits                1569                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_95.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_96.tlb_readhits               13344                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_97.tlb_readhits                 824                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_98.tlb_readhits               26792                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_99.tlb_readhits                1563                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_100.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_101.tlb_readhits              13362                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_102.tlb_readhits                825                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_103.tlb_readhits              26787                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_104.tlb_readhits               1565                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_105.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_106.tlb_readhits              13347                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_107.tlb_readhits                827                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_108.tlb_readhits              26938                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_109.tlb_readhits               1565                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_110.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_111.tlb_readhits              13355                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_112.tlb_readhits                825                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_113.tlb_readhits              26917                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_114.tlb_readhits               1565                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_115.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_116.tlb_readhits              13358                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_117.tlb_readhits                823                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_118.tlb_readhits              26806                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_119.tlb_readhits               1563                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_120.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_121.tlb_readhits              13371                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_122.tlb_readhits                825                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_123.tlb_readhits              27063                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_124.tlb_readhits               1565                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_125.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_126.tlb_readhits              13354                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_127.tlb_readhits                823                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_128.tlb_readhits              27066                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_129.tlb_readhits               1562                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_130.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_131.tlb_readhits              13372                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_132.tlb_readhits                823                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_133.tlb_readhits              26804                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_134.tlb_readhits               1563                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_135.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_136.tlb_readhits              13344                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_137.tlb_readhits                824                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_138.tlb_readhits              26791                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_139.tlb_readhits               1564                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_140.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_141.tlb_readhits              13356                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_142.tlb_readhits                824                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_143.tlb_readhits              26936                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_144.tlb_readhits               1566                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_145.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_146.tlb_readhits              16687                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_147.tlb_readhits                824                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_148.tlb_readhits              33577                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_149.tlb_readhits               1564                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_150.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_151.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_152.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_153.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_154.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_155.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_156.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_157.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_158.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_159.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                139                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                304                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses                 39                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses                234                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                 37                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses                  0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses                320                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses                 46                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses                221                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses                 45                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses               275                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses                43                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses               251                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses                43                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses               258                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses                46                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses               224                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses                43                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses               268                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses                50                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses               281                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readmisses                38                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readmisses               283                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readmisses                49                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readmisses               251                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readmisses                44                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readmisses               242                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readmisses                40                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readmisses               245                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readmisses                36                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readmisses               229                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readmisses                39                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readmisses               228                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readmisses                36                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_readmisses               235                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_readmisses                42                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_readmisses               239                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_readmisses                36                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_readmisses               240                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_readmisses                41                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_readmisses               248                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_readmisses                36                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_readmisses               236                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_readmisses                40                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_readmisses               237                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_readmisses                39                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_readmisses               249                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_readmisses                41                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_readmisses               232                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_readmisses                40                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_readmisses               262                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_readmisses                37                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_readmisses               245                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_readmisses                32                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_readmisses               255                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_readmisses                39                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_readmisses               287                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_readmisses                41                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_readmisses               333                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_readmisses                41                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_readmisses               266                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_readmisses                37                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_readmisses               264                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_readmisses                47                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_readmisses               316                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_readmisses                38                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_80.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_81.tlb_readmisses               259                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_82.tlb_readmisses                41                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_83.tlb_readmisses               259                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_84.tlb_readmisses                35                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_85.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_86.tlb_readmisses               247                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_87.tlb_readmisses                40                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_88.tlb_readmisses               326                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_89.tlb_readmisses                36                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_90.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_91.tlb_readmisses               242                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_92.tlb_readmisses                36                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_93.tlb_readmisses               262                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_94.tlb_readmisses                31                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_95.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_96.tlb_readmisses               256                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_97.tlb_readmisses                40                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_98.tlb_readmisses               248                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_99.tlb_readmisses                37                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_100.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_101.tlb_readmisses              238                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_102.tlb_readmisses               39                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_103.tlb_readmisses              253                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_104.tlb_readmisses               35                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_105.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_106.tlb_readmisses              253                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_107.tlb_readmisses               37                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_108.tlb_readmisses              230                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_109.tlb_readmisses               35                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_110.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_111.tlb_readmisses              245                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_112.tlb_readmisses               39                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_113.tlb_readmisses              251                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_114.tlb_readmisses               35                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_115.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_116.tlb_readmisses              242                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_117.tlb_readmisses               41                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_118.tlb_readmisses              234                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_119.tlb_readmisses               37                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_120.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_121.tlb_readmisses              229                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_122.tlb_readmisses               39                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_123.tlb_readmisses              233                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_124.tlb_readmisses               35                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_125.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_126.tlb_readmisses              246                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_127.tlb_readmisses               41                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_128.tlb_readmisses              230                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_129.tlb_readmisses               38                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_130.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_131.tlb_readmisses              228                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_132.tlb_readmisses               41                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_133.tlb_readmisses              236                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_134.tlb_readmisses               37                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_135.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_136.tlb_readmisses              256                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_137.tlb_readmisses               40                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_138.tlb_readmisses              249                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_139.tlb_readmisses               36                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_140.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_141.tlb_readmisses              244                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_142.tlb_readmisses               40                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_143.tlb_readmisses              232                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_144.tlb_readmisses               34                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_145.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_146.tlb_readmisses              305                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_147.tlb_readmisses               40                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_148.tlb_readmisses              287                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_149.tlb_readmisses               36                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_150.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_151.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_152.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_153.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_154.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_155.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_156.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_157.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_158.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_159.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                8932                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                 354                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                1015                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                 288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                 288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                 360                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                1523                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits                 283                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                 360                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits                285                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               1014                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits                287                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits                360                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits                288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits               1525                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits                279                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits                432                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits                360                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               1524                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits                357                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writehits                432                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writehits                357                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writehits               1525                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writehits                355                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writehits                432                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writehits                288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writehits               1015                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writehits                288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writehits                288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writehits                288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writehits               1013                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writehits                286                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writehits                288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_writehits                287                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_writehits               1014                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_writehits                288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_writehits                288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_writehits                288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_writehits               1012                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_writehits                283                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_writehits                288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_writehits                286                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_writehits               1015                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_writehits                283                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_writehits                288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_writehits                287                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_writehits               1013                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_writehits                284                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_writehits                288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_writehits                287                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_writehits               1015                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_writehits                282                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_writehits                288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_writehits                288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_writehits               1014                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_writehits                353                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_writehits                288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_writehits                432                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_writehits               1014                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_writehits                357                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_writehits                288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_writehits                360                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_writehits               1012                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_writehits                430                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_writehits                288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_80.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_81.tlb_writehits                283                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_82.tlb_writehits               1014                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_83.tlb_writehits                286                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_84.tlb_writehits                288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_85.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_86.tlb_writehits                285                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_87.tlb_writehits               1013                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_88.tlb_writehits                356                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_89.tlb_writehits                288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_90.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_91.tlb_writehits                288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_92.tlb_writehits               1014                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_93.tlb_writehits                288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_94.tlb_writehits                288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_95.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_96.tlb_writehits                288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_97.tlb_writehits               1013                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_98.tlb_writehits                276                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_99.tlb_writehits                288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_100.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_101.tlb_writehits               288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_102.tlb_writehits              1015                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_103.tlb_writehits               288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_104.tlb_writehits               288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_105.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_106.tlb_writehits               288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_107.tlb_writehits              1013                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_108.tlb_writehits               287                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_109.tlb_writehits               288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_110.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_111.tlb_writehits               287                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_112.tlb_writehits              1014                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_113.tlb_writehits               288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_114.tlb_writehits               288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_115.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_116.tlb_writehits               288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_117.tlb_writehits              1014                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_118.tlb_writehits               287                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_119.tlb_writehits               288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_120.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_121.tlb_writehits               288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_122.tlb_writehits              1014                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_123.tlb_writehits               288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_124.tlb_writehits               288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_125.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_126.tlb_writehits               288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_127.tlb_writehits              1014                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_128.tlb_writehits               286                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_129.tlb_writehits               288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_130.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_131.tlb_writehits               286                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_132.tlb_writehits              1014                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_133.tlb_writehits               282                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_134.tlb_writehits               288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_135.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_136.tlb_writehits               288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_137.tlb_writehits              1014                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_138.tlb_writehits               285                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_139.tlb_writehits               288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_140.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_141.tlb_writehits               288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_142.tlb_writehits              1015                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_143.tlb_writehits               286                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_144.tlb_writehits               288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_145.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_146.tlb_writehits               357                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_147.tlb_writehits              1014                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_148.tlb_writehits               353                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_149.tlb_writehits               288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_150.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_151.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_152.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_153.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_154.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_155.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_156.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_157.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_158.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_159.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               284                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses                 6                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses                 9                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses                13                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses                 5                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses                3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses               10                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses                1                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses               11                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses                9                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses               12                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses                3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writemisses                3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writemisses               11                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writemisses                5                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writemisses                9                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writemisses               11                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writemisses                2                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_writemisses                1                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_writemisses               10                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_writemisses               12                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_writemisses                5                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_writemisses                2                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_writemisses                9                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_writemisses                5                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_writemisses                1                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_writemisses               11                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_writemisses                4                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_writemisses                1                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_writemisses                9                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_writemisses                6                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_writemisses               10                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_writemisses                7                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_writemisses               10                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_writemisses                3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_writemisses               12                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_writemisses                2                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_80.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_81.tlb_writemisses                5                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_82.tlb_writemisses               10                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_83.tlb_writemisses                2                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_84.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_85.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_86.tlb_writemisses                3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_87.tlb_writemisses               11                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_88.tlb_writemisses                4                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_89.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_90.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_91.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_92.tlb_writemisses               10                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_93.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_94.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_95.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_96.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_97.tlb_writemisses               11                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_98.tlb_writemisses               12                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_99.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_100.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_101.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_102.tlb_writemisses               9                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_103.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_104.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_105.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_106.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_107.tlb_writemisses              11                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_108.tlb_writemisses               1                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_109.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_110.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_111.tlb_writemisses               1                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_112.tlb_writemisses              10                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_113.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_114.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_115.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_116.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_117.tlb_writemisses              10                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_118.tlb_writemisses               1                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_119.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_120.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_121.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_122.tlb_writemisses              10                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_123.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_124.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_125.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_126.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_127.tlb_writemisses              10                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_128.tlb_writemisses               2                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_129.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_130.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_131.tlb_writemisses               2                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_132.tlb_writemisses              10                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_133.tlb_writemisses               6                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_134.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_135.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_136.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_137.tlb_writemisses              10                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_138.tlb_writemisses               3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_139.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_140.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_141.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_142.tlb_writemisses               9                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_143.tlb_writemisses               2                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_144.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_145.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_146.tlb_writemisses               3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_147.tlb_writemisses              10                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_148.tlb_writemisses               7                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_149.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_150.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_151.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_152.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_153.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_154.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_155.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_156.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_157.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_158.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_159.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                        2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                        5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                        5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                        0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                        5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                        5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                        5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                       6                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                       6                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_jobs                       6                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_jobs                       6                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_jobs                       6                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_40.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_41.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_42.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_43.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_44.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_45.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_46.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_47.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_48.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_49.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_50.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_51.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_52.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_53.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_54.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_55.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_56.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_57.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_58.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_59.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_60.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_61.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_62.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_63.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_64.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_65.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_66.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_67.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_68.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_69.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_70.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_71.num_jobs                       6                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_72.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_73.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_74.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_75.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_76.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_77.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_78.num_jobs                       6                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_79.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_80.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_81.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_82.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_83.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_84.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_85.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_86.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_87.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_88.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_89.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_90.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_91.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_92.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_93.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_94.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_95.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_96.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_97.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_98.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_99.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_100.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_101.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_102.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_103.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_104.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_105.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_106.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_107.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_108.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_109.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_110.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_111.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_112.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_113.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_114.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_115.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_116.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_117.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_118.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_119.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_120.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_121.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_122.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_123.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_124.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_125.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_126.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_127.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_128.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_129.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_130.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_131.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_132.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_133.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_134.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_135.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_136.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_137.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_138.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_139.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_140.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_141.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_142.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_143.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_144.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_145.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_146.num_jobs                      5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_147.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_148.num_jobs                      5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_149.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_150.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_151.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_152.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_153.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_154.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_155.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_156.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_157.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_158.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_159.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                 786926                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                3128145                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                 356232                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                2703536                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                 187541                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                      0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                3077223                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                 399807                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                2730234                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                 235806                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               2638902                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles                313714                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               2692038                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles                226741                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles               2643240                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles                397609                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles               2713666                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles                269939                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles               3145939                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles                456283                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               3205347                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.job_cycles                268313                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.job_cycles               3129560                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.job_cycles                444536                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.job_cycles               3230833                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.job_cycles                267487                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.job_cycles               2695207                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.job_cycles                340877                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.job_cycles               2756751                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.job_cycles                199040                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.job_cycles               2690080                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.job_cycles                332028                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.job_cycles               2708247                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.job_cycles                194723                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_40.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_41.job_cycles               2694501                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_42.job_cycles                332590                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_43.job_cycles               2725850                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_44.job_cycles                197344                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_45.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_46.job_cycles               2733173                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_47.job_cycles                333694                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_48.job_cycles               2766830                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_49.job_cycles                196732                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_50.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_51.job_cycles               2661780                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_52.job_cycles                320053                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_53.job_cycles               2711052                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_54.job_cycles                191964                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_55.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_56.job_cycles               2623960                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_57.job_cycles                323859                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_58.job_cycles               2726400                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_59.job_cycles                194573                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_60.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_61.job_cycles               2699900                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_62.job_cycles                341541                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_63.job_cycles               2755920                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_64.job_cycles                200854                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_65.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_66.job_cycles               2592817                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_67.job_cycles                336517                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_68.job_cycles               3227574                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_69.job_cycles                197279                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_70.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_71.job_cycles               3606748                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_72.job_cycles                317538                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_73.job_cycles               3231210                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_74.job_cycles                191115                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_75.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_76.job_cycles               3165390                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_77.job_cycles                362409                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_78.job_cycles               3763534                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_79.job_cycles                189328                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_80.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_81.job_cycles               2671150                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_82.job_cycles                330279                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_83.job_cycles               2716450                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_84.job_cycles                193792                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_85.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_86.job_cycles               2678961                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_87.job_cycles                335085                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_88.job_cycles               3258852                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_89.job_cycles                197916                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_90.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_91.job_cycles               2776873                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_92.job_cycles                351892                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_93.job_cycles               2816353                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_94.job_cycles                204663                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_95.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_96.job_cycles               2706669                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_97.job_cycles                341168                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_98.job_cycles               2735967                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_99.job_cycles                200514                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_100.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_101.job_cycles              2747392                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_102.job_cycles               352647                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_103.job_cycles              2735453                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_104.job_cycles               204753                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_105.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_106.job_cycles              2757043                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_107.job_cycles               358537                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_108.job_cycles              2819824                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_109.job_cycles               209246                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_110.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_111.job_cycles              2771756                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_112.job_cycles               343728                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_113.job_cycles              2759530                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_114.job_cycles               202259                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_115.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_116.job_cycles              2701451                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_117.job_cycles               334994                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_118.job_cycles              2733304                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_119.job_cycles               197984                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_120.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_121.job_cycles              2708076                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_122.job_cycles               341901                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_123.job_cycles              2788691                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_124.job_cycles               199659                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_125.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_126.job_cycles              2770183                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_127.job_cycles               351763                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_128.job_cycles              2809712                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_129.job_cycles               206272                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_130.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_131.job_cycles              2693645                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_132.job_cycles               328432                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_133.job_cycles              2704490                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_134.job_cycles               195235                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_135.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_136.job_cycles              2612903                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_137.job_cycles               320096                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_138.job_cycles              2717100                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_139.job_cycles               191238                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_140.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_141.job_cycles              2638024                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_142.job_cycles               324344                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_143.job_cycles              2691691                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_144.job_cycles               188671                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_145.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_146.job_cycles              3118790                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_147.job_cycles               318241                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_148.job_cycles              3191598                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_149.job_cycles               187518                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_150.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_151.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_152.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_153.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_154.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_155.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_156.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_157.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_158.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_159.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     120                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                       0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     120                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                     192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                      80                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                     80                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                    120                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                    240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                    144                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                    240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_tasks                    240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_tasks                    144                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_tasks                    240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_40.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_41.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_42.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_43.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_44.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_45.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_46.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_47.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_48.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_49.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_50.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_51.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_52.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_53.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_54.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_55.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_56.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_57.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_58.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_59.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_60.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_61.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_62.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_63.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_64.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_65.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_66.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_67.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_68.num_tasks                    240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_69.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_70.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_71.num_tasks                    288                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_72.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_73.num_tasks                    240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_74.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_75.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_76.num_tasks                    240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_77.num_tasks                    120                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_78.num_tasks                    288                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_79.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_80.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_81.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_82.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_83.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_84.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_85.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_86.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_87.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_88.num_tasks                    240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_89.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_90.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_91.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_92.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_93.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_94.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_95.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_96.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_97.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_98.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_99.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_100.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_101.num_tasks                   192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_102.num_tasks                    96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_103.num_tasks                   192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_104.num_tasks                    64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_105.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_106.num_tasks                   192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_107.num_tasks                    96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_108.num_tasks                   192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_109.num_tasks                    64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_110.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_111.num_tasks                   192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_112.num_tasks                    96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_113.num_tasks                   192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_114.num_tasks                    64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_115.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_116.num_tasks                   192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_117.num_tasks                    96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_118.num_tasks                   192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_119.num_tasks                    64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_120.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_121.num_tasks                   192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_122.num_tasks                    96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_123.num_tasks                   192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_124.num_tasks                    64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_125.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_126.num_tasks                   192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_127.num_tasks                    96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_128.num_tasks                   192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_129.num_tasks                    64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_130.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_131.num_tasks                   192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_132.num_tasks                    96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_133.num_tasks                   192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_134.num_tasks                    64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_135.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_136.num_tasks                   192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_137.num_tasks                    96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_138.num_tasks                   192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_139.num_tasks                    64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_140.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_141.num_tasks                   192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_142.num_tasks                    96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_143.num_tasks                   192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_144.num_tasks                    64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_145.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_146.num_tasks                   240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_147.num_tasks                    96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_148.num_tasks                   240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_149.num_tasks                    64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_150.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_151.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_152.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_153.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_154.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_155.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_156.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_157.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_158.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_159.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles                621992                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               3101405                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles                341657                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               2681834                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles                181147                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles                     0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               3051418                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles                380779                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               2708804                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles                227740                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              2617868                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles               298784                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              2670327                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles               219317                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles              2622584                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles               377904                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles              2692240                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles               260815                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles              3119660                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles               433948                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              3178156                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_cycles               259000                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_cycles              3103733                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_cycles               426082                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_cycles              3204063                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_cycles               258382                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_cycles              2673468                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_cycles               323370                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_cycles              2734236                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_cycles               191783                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_cycles              2668702                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_cycles               316131                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_cycles              2685888                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_cycles               187868                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_40.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_41.read_cycles              2672746                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_42.read_cycles               316327                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_43.read_cycles              2703118                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_44.read_cycles               189676                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_45.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_46.read_cycles              2711715                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_47.read_cycles               317604                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_48.read_cycles              2744648                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_49.read_cycles               189762                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_50.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_51.read_cycles              2640735                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_52.read_cycles               305362                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_53.read_cycles              2689119                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_54.read_cycles               185510                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_55.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_56.read_cycles              2602568                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_57.read_cycles               308824                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_58.read_cycles              2704065                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_59.read_cycles               187630                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_60.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_61.read_cycles              2677791                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_62.read_cycles               324021                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_63.read_cycles              2732980                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_64.read_cycles               193155                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_65.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_66.read_cycles              2571079                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_67.read_cycles               319092                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_68.read_cycles              3199118                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_69.read_cycles               189642                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_70.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_71.read_cycles              3574677                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_72.read_cycles               302861                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_73.read_cycles              3203529                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_74.read_cycles               184176                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_75.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_76.read_cycles              3139140                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_77.read_cycles               347376                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_78.read_cycles              3730830                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_79.read_cycles               182394                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_80.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_81.read_cycles              2649746                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_82.read_cycles               314322                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_83.read_cycles              2694028                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_84.read_cycles               187005                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_85.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_86.read_cycles              2657206                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_87.read_cycles               318607                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_88.read_cycles              3230563                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_89.read_cycles               190195                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_90.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_91.read_cycles              2754776                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_92.read_cycles               333739                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_93.read_cycles              2793449                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_94.read_cycles               197044                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_95.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_96.read_cycles              2684937                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_97.read_cycles               323626                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_98.read_cycles              2713442                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_99.read_cycles               192648                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_100.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_101.read_cycles             2725297                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_102.read_cycles              334104                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_103.read_cycles             2712236                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_104.read_cycles              197085                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_105.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_106.read_cycles             2734594                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_107.read_cycles              339367                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_108.read_cycles             2796464                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_109.read_cycles              200707                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_110.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_111.read_cycles             2749894                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_112.read_cycles              326783                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_113.read_cycles             2736930                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_114.read_cycles              194862                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_115.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_116.read_cycles             2680102                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_117.read_cycles              319065                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_118.read_cycles             2711090                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_119.read_cycles              191002                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_120.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_121.read_cycles             2686338                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_122.read_cycles              324181                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_123.read_cycles             2766103                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_124.read_cycles              192603                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_125.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_126.read_cycles             2747981                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_127.read_cycles              333421                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_128.read_cycles             2786672                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_129.read_cycles              198316                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_130.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_131.read_cycles             2672238                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_132.read_cycles              313062                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_133.read_cycles             2682301                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_134.read_cycles              188329                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_135.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_136.read_cycles             2591895                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_137.read_cycles              305699                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_138.read_cycles             2694819                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_139.read_cycles              184235                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_140.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_141.read_cycles             2616636                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_142.read_cycles              308818                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_143.read_cycles             2669033                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_144.read_cycles              181839                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_145.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_146.read_cycles             3092499                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_147.read_cycles              303537                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_148.read_cycles             3164255                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_149.read_cycles              181131                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_150.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_151.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_152.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_153.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_154.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_155.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_156.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_157.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_158.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_159.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             267136                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             182483                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             120838                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             144064                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles              29823                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             179410                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             161100                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             144445                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles              41678                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            144155                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            121080                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            143790                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles             32794                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles            145976                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles            161144                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles            143673                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles             43916                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles            179574                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles            176297                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles            179764                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_cycles             40736                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_cycles            181160                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_cycles            164033                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_cycles            180412                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_cycles             43075                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_cycles            144277                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_cycles            139089                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_cycles            143840                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_cycles             28789                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_cycles            144114                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_cycles            132527                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_cycles            144021                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_cycles             28682                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_40.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_41.compute_cycles            146060                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_42.compute_cycles            130892                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_43.compute_cycles            143861                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_44.compute_cycles             26247                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_45.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_46.compute_cycles            145991                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_47.compute_cycles            131259                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_48.compute_cycles            144106                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_49.compute_cycles             29794                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_50.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_51.compute_cycles            146660                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_52.compute_cycles            123377                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_53.compute_cycles            143703                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_54.compute_cycles             29931                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_55.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_56.compute_cycles            145466                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_57.compute_cycles            122250                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_58.compute_cycles            143749                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_59.compute_cycles             29102                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_60.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_61.compute_cycles            143456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_62.compute_cycles            137832                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_63.compute_cycles            143817                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_64.compute_cycles             25757                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_65.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_66.compute_cycles            145259                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_67.compute_cycles            135555                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_68.compute_cycles            179871                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_69.compute_cycles             26906                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_70.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_71.compute_cycles            217057                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_72.compute_cycles            117177                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_73.compute_cycles            179760                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_74.compute_cycles             28461                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_75.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_76.compute_cycles            181336                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_77.compute_cycles            117505                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_78.compute_cycles            216344                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_79.compute_cycles             30386                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_80.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_81.compute_cycles            144630                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_82.compute_cycles            125787                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_83.compute_cycles            144039                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_84.compute_cycles             26961                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_85.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_86.compute_cycles            145600                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_87.compute_cycles            127249                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_88.compute_cycles            179788                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_89.compute_cycles             26497                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_90.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_91.compute_cycles            146101                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_92.compute_cycles            142221                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_93.compute_cycles            143773                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_94.compute_cycles             26460                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_95.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_96.compute_cycles            143999                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_97.compute_cycles            139618                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_98.compute_cycles            143668                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_99.compute_cycles             27566                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_100.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_101.compute_cycles           143465                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_102.compute_cycles           145218                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_103.compute_cycles           144301                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_104.compute_cycles            27297                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_105.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_106.compute_cycles           145647                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_107.compute_cycles           147234                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_108.compute_cycles           144156                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_109.compute_cycles            26013                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_110.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_111.compute_cycles           145732                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_112.compute_cycles           133607                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_113.compute_cycles           143660                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_114.compute_cycles            26377                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_115.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_116.compute_cycles           145365                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_117.compute_cycles           129070                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_118.compute_cycles           144004                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_119.compute_cycles            28360                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_120.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_121.compute_cycles           146740                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_122.compute_cycles           136392                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_123.compute_cycles           143949                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_124.compute_cycles            26782                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_125.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_126.compute_cycles           144522                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_127.compute_cycles           140405                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_128.compute_cycles           143942                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_129.compute_cycles            24935                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_130.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_131.compute_cycles           147353                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_132.compute_cycles           124041                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_133.compute_cycles           143823                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_134.compute_cycles            26470                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_135.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_136.compute_cycles           145649                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_137.compute_cycles           116471                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_138.compute_cycles           143976                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_139.compute_cycles            27070                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_140.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_141.compute_cycles           144293                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_142.compute_cycles           124393                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_143.compute_cycles           143742                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_144.compute_cycles            25751                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_145.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_146.compute_cycles           179566                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_147.compute_cycles           115544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_148.compute_cycles           180051                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_149.compute_cycles            26302                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_150.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_151.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_152.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_153.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_154.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_155.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_156.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_157.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_158.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_159.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               996028                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles                35870                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles                29952                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles                32179                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles                30618                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles                26849                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles                35396                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles               28130                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles               29702                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles               39494                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles               25420                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles               27445                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles               42272                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles               34819                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles               37669                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_cycles               46826                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_cycles               31485                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_cycles               33785                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_cycles               42433                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_cycles               33248                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_cycles               37044                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_cycles               38471                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_cycles               31002                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_cycles               32295                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_cycles               35272                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_40.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_41.write_cycles               33806                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_42.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_43.write_cycles               36200                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_44.write_cycles               38161                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_45.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_46.write_cycles               30907                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_47.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_48.write_cycles               33248                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_49.write_cycles               35477                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_50.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_51.write_cycles               27813                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_52.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_53.write_cycles               29742                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_54.write_cycles               32047                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_55.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_56.write_cycles               30424                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_57.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_58.write_cycles               32846                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_59.write_cycles               35273                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_60.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_61.write_cycles               36056                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_62.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_63.write_cycles               38852                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_64.write_cycles               41194                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_65.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_66.write_cycles               32324                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_67.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_68.write_cycles               43654                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_69.write_cycles               38197                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_70.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_71.write_cycles               45726                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_72.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_73.write_cycles               40701                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_74.write_cycles               34996                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_75.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_76.write_cycles               35330                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_77.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_78.write_cycles               44056                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_79.write_cycles               32059                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_80.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_81.write_cycles               32124                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_82.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_83.write_cycles               33472                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_84.write_cycles               34972                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_85.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_86.write_cycles               33582                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_87.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_88.write_cycles               44036                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_89.write_cycles               38337                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_90.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_91.write_cycles               36474                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_92.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_93.write_cycles               38216                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_94.write_cycles               41438                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_95.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_96.write_cycles               33469                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_97.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_98.write_cycles               36016                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_99.write_cycles               38371                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_100.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_101.write_cycles              36280                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_102.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_103.write_cycles              37623                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_104.write_cycles              41863                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_105.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_106.write_cycles              38563                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_107.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_108.write_cycles              41624                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_109.write_cycles              44974                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_110.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_111.write_cycles              33770                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_112.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_113.write_cycles              36254                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_114.write_cycles              38332                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_115.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_116.write_cycles              30207                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_117.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_118.write_cycles              31971                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_119.write_cycles              35149                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_120.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_121.write_cycles              33005                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_122.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_123.write_cycles              36745                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_124.write_cycles              38159                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_125.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_126.write_cycles              36782                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_127.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_128.write_cycles              39489                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_129.write_cycles              41388                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_130.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_131.write_cycles              30835                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_132.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_133.write_cycles              32765                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_134.write_cycles              35304                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_135.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_136.write_cycles              27462                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_137.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_138.write_cycles              29991                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_139.write_cycles              32400                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_140.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_141.write_cycles              30274                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_142.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_143.write_cycles              34103                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_144.write_cycles              35167                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_145.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_146.write_cycles              34361                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_147.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_148.write_cycles              36360                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_149.write_cycles              32097                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_150.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_151.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_152.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_153.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_154.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_155.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_156.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_157.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_158.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_159.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time           621992                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          3101405                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time           341657                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          2681834                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time           181147                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          3051418                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time           380779                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          2708804                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time           227740                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         2617868                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time          298784                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         2670327                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time          219317                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time         2622584                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time          377904                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time         2692240                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time          260815                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time         3119660                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time          433948                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         3178156                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_action_time          259000                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_action_time         3103733                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_action_time          426082                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_action_time         3204063                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_action_time          258382                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_action_time         2673468                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_action_time          323370                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_action_time         2734236                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_action_time          191783                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_action_time         2668702                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_action_time          316131                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_action_time         2685888                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_action_time          187868                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.read_action_time         2672746                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.read_action_time          316327                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.read_action_time         2703118                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.read_action_time          189676                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.read_action_time         2711715                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.read_action_time          317604                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.read_action_time         2744648                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.read_action_time          189762                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.read_action_time         2640735                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.read_action_time          305362                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.read_action_time         2689119                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.read_action_time          185510                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.read_action_time         2602568                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.read_action_time          308824                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.read_action_time         2704065                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.read_action_time          187630                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.read_action_time         2677791                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.read_action_time          324021                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.read_action_time         2732980                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_64.read_action_time          193155                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_65.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_66.read_action_time         2571079                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_67.read_action_time          319092                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_68.read_action_time         3199118                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_69.read_action_time          189642                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_70.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_71.read_action_time         3574677                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_72.read_action_time          302861                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_73.read_action_time         3203529                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_74.read_action_time          184176                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_75.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_76.read_action_time         3139140                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_77.read_action_time          347376                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_78.read_action_time         3730830                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_79.read_action_time          182394                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_80.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_81.read_action_time         2649746                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_82.read_action_time          314322                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_83.read_action_time         2694028                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_84.read_action_time          187005                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_85.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_86.read_action_time         2657206                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_87.read_action_time          318607                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_88.read_action_time         3230563                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_89.read_action_time          190195                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_90.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_91.read_action_time         2754776                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_92.read_action_time          333739                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_93.read_action_time         2793449                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_94.read_action_time          197044                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_95.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_96.read_action_time         2684937                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_97.read_action_time          323626                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_98.read_action_time         2713442                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_99.read_action_time          192648                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_100.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_101.read_action_time        2725297                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_102.read_action_time         334104                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_103.read_action_time        2712236                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_104.read_action_time         197085                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_105.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_106.read_action_time        2734594                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_107.read_action_time         339367                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_108.read_action_time        2796464                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_109.read_action_time         200707                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_110.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_111.read_action_time        2749894                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_112.read_action_time         326783                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_113.read_action_time        2736930                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_114.read_action_time         194862                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_115.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_116.read_action_time        2680102                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_117.read_action_time         319065                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_118.read_action_time        2711090                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_119.read_action_time         191002                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_120.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_121.read_action_time        2686338                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_122.read_action_time         324181                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_123.read_action_time        2766103                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_124.read_action_time         192603                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_125.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_126.read_action_time        2747981                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_127.read_action_time         333421                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_128.read_action_time        2786672                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_129.read_action_time         198316                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_130.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_131.read_action_time        2672238                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_132.read_action_time         313062                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_133.read_action_time        2682301                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_134.read_action_time         188329                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_135.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_136.read_action_time        2591895                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_137.read_action_time         305699                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_138.read_action_time        2694819                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_139.read_action_time         184235                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_140.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_141.read_action_time        2616636                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_142.read_action_time         308818                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_143.read_action_time        2669033                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_144.read_action_time         181839                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_145.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_146.read_action_time        3092499                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_147.read_action_time         303537                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_148.read_action_time        3164255                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_149.read_action_time         181131                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_150.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_151.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_152.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_153.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_154.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_155.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_156.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_157.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_158.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_159.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        263108                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        182483                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        116156                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        144064                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time         27138                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        179410                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        155968                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        144445                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time         38745                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       144155                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time       116381                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       143790                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time        29143                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time       145976                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time       155876                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time       143673                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time        40210                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time       179574                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time       172524                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time       179764                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_action_time        37908                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_action_time       181160                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_action_time       160017                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_action_time       180412                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_action_time        39869                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_action_time       144277                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_action_time       136007                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_action_time       143840                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_action_time        26524                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_action_time       144114                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_action_time       128559                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_action_time       144021                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_action_time        26435                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.compute_action_time       146060                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.compute_action_time       128200                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.compute_action_time       143861                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.compute_action_time        25697                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.compute_action_time       145991                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.compute_action_time       127388                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.compute_action_time       144106                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.compute_action_time        27381                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.compute_action_time       146660                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.compute_action_time       119117                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.compute_action_time       143703                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.compute_action_time        27158                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.compute_action_time       145466                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.compute_action_time       119126                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.compute_action_time       143749                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.compute_action_time        26646                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.compute_action_time       143456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.compute_action_time       136336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.compute_action_time       143817                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_64.compute_action_time        24871                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_65.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_66.compute_action_time       145259                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_67.compute_action_time       134249                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_68.compute_action_time       179871                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_69.compute_action_time        25990                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_70.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_71.compute_action_time       217057                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_72.compute_action_time       116260                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_73.compute_action_time       179760                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_74.compute_action_time        26309                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_75.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_76.compute_action_time       181336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_77.compute_action_time       116195                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_78.compute_action_time       216344                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_79.compute_action_time        27564                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_80.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_81.compute_action_time       144630                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_82.compute_action_time       124611                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_83.compute_action_time       144039                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_84.compute_action_time        26036                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_85.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_86.compute_action_time       145600                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_87.compute_action_time       126608                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_88.compute_action_time       179788                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_89.compute_action_time        25836                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_90.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_91.compute_action_time       146101                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_92.compute_action_time       140686                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_93.compute_action_time       143773                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_94.compute_action_time        25751                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_95.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_96.compute_action_time       143999                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_97.compute_action_time       136377                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_98.compute_action_time       143668                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_99.compute_action_time        26947                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_100.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_101.compute_action_time       143465                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_102.compute_action_time       143651                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_103.compute_action_time       144301                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_104.compute_action_time        26166                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_105.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_106.compute_action_time       145647                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_107.compute_action_time       147026                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_108.compute_action_time       144156                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_109.compute_action_time        25398                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_110.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_111.compute_action_time       145732                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_112.compute_action_time       132573                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_113.compute_action_time       143660                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_114.compute_action_time        25501                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_115.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_116.compute_action_time       145365                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_117.compute_action_time       125930                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_118.compute_action_time       144004                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_119.compute_action_time        26386                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_120.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_121.compute_action_time       146740                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_122.compute_action_time       134774                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_123.compute_action_time       143949                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_124.compute_action_time        25525                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_125.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_126.compute_action_time       144522                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_127.compute_action_time       139409                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_128.compute_action_time       143942                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_129.compute_action_time        24015                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_130.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_131.compute_action_time       147353                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_132.compute_action_time       122446                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_133.compute_action_time       143823                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_134.compute_action_time        25784                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_135.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_136.compute_action_time       145649                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_137.compute_action_time       115328                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_138.compute_action_time       143976                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_139.compute_action_time        25860                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_140.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_141.compute_action_time       144293                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_142.compute_action_time       122709                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_143.compute_action_time       143742                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_144.compute_action_time        24879                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_145.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_146.compute_action_time       179566                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_147.compute_action_time       114606                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_148.compute_action_time       180051                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_149.compute_action_time        25362                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_150.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_151.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_152.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_153.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_154.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_155.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_156.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_157.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_158.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_159.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          664803                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time           35870                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time           29952                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time           31277                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time           30618                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time           26849                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time           34589                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time          28130                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time          29702                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time          38552                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time          25420                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time          27445                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time          41413                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time          34819                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time          37669                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_action_time          45913                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_action_time          31485                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_action_time          33785                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_action_time          41618                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_action_time          33248                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_action_time          37044                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_action_time          37364                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_action_time          31002                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_action_time          32295                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_action_time          34250                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.write_action_time          33806                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.write_action_time          36200                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.write_action_time          37057                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.write_action_time          30907                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.write_action_time          33248                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.write_action_time          34455                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.write_action_time          27813                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.write_action_time          29742                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.write_action_time          31110                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.write_action_time          30424                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.write_action_time          32846                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.write_action_time          34232                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.write_action_time          36056                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.write_action_time          38852                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_64.write_action_time          39962                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_65.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_66.write_action_time          32324                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_67.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_68.write_action_time          43654                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_69.write_action_time          37066                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_70.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_71.write_action_time          45726                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_72.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_73.write_action_time          40701                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_74.write_action_time          33953                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_75.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_76.write_action_time          35330                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_77.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_78.write_action_time          44056                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_79.write_action_time          31109                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_80.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_81.write_action_time          32124                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_82.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_83.write_action_time          33472                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_84.write_action_time          33917                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_85.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_86.write_action_time          33582                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_87.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_88.write_action_time          44036                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_89.write_action_time          37193                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_90.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_91.write_action_time          36474                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_92.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_93.write_action_time          38216                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_94.write_action_time          40213                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_95.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_96.write_action_time          33469                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_97.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_98.write_action_time          36016                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_99.write_action_time          37231                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_100.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_101.write_action_time         36280                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_102.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_103.write_action_time         37623                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_104.write_action_time         40649                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_105.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_106.write_action_time         38563                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_107.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_108.write_action_time         41624                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_109.write_action_time         43605                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_110.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_111.write_action_time         33770                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_112.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_113.write_action_time         36254                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_114.write_action_time         37206                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_115.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_116.write_action_time         30207                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_117.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_118.write_action_time         31971                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_119.write_action_time         34095                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_120.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_121.write_action_time         33005                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_122.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_123.write_action_time         36745                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_124.write_action_time         37016                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_125.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_126.write_action_time         36782                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_127.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_128.write_action_time         39489                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_129.write_action_time         40159                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_130.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_131.write_action_time         30835                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_132.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_133.write_action_time         32765                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_134.write_action_time         34282                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_135.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_136.write_action_time         27462                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_137.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_138.write_action_time         29991                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_139.write_action_time         31459                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_140.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_141.write_action_time         30274                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_142.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_143.write_action_time         34103                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_144.write_action_time         34131                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_145.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_146.write_action_time         34361                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_147.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_148.write_action_time         36360                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_149.write_action_time         31133                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_150.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_151.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_152.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_153.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_154.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_155.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_156.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_157.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_158.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_159.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time             786223                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            3106350                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time             341657                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            2685588                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time             184945                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time                  0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            3055428                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time             380779                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            2712276                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time             231928                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           2621466                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time            298784                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           2674085                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time            224033                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time           2625804                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time            377904                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time           2695708                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time            265982                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time           3124144                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time            433948                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           3182902                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.rw_action_time            264649                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.rw_action_time           3107765                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.rw_action_time            426082                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.rw_action_time           3208393                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.rw_action_time            263546                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.rw_action_time           2677771                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.rw_action_time            323370                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.rw_action_time           2738793                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.rw_action_time            196404                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.rw_action_time           2672644                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.rw_action_time            316131                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.rw_action_time           2690284                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.rw_action_time            192014                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.rw_action_time           2677065                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.rw_action_time            316327                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.rw_action_time           2707902                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.rw_action_time            194407                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.rw_action_time           2715737                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.rw_action_time            317604                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.rw_action_time           2748882                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.rw_action_time            194003                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.rw_action_time           2644344                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.rw_action_time            305362                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.rw_action_time           2693094                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.rw_action_time            189302                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.rw_action_time           2606524                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.rw_action_time            308824                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.rw_action_time           2708442                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.rw_action_time            191953                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.rw_action_time           2682464                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.rw_action_time            324021                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.rw_action_time           2737972                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_64.rw_action_time            198125                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_65.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_66.rw_action_time           2575381                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_67.rw_action_time            319092                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_68.rw_action_time           3205124                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_69.rw_action_time            194219                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_70.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_71.rw_action_time           3580594                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_72.rw_action_time            302861                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_73.rw_action_time           3208775                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_74.rw_action_time            188341                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_75.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_76.rw_action_time           3143595                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_77.rw_action_time            347376                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_78.rw_action_time           3736602                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_79.rw_action_time            186265                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_80.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_81.rw_action_time           2653714                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_82.rw_action_time            314322                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_83.rw_action_time           2698492                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_84.rw_action_time            191243                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_85.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_86.rw_action_time           2661525                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_87.rw_action_time            318607                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_88.rw_action_time           3236412                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_89.rw_action_time            194896                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_90.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_91.rw_action_time           2759437                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_92.rw_action_time            333739                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_93.rw_action_time           2798405                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_94.rw_action_time            202056                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_95.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_96.rw_action_time           2689233                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_97.rw_action_time            323626                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_98.rw_action_time           2718009                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_99.rw_action_time            197243                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_100.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_101.rw_action_time          2729956                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_102.rw_action_time           334104                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_103.rw_action_time          2717500                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_104.rw_action_time           202070                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_105.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_106.rw_action_time          2739607                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_107.rw_action_time           339367                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_108.rw_action_time          2801871                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_109.rw_action_time           206192                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_110.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_111.rw_action_time          2754320                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_112.rw_action_time           326783                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_113.rw_action_time          2741572                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_114.rw_action_time           199546                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_115.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_116.rw_action_time          2684015                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_117.rw_action_time           319065                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_118.rw_action_time          2715351                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_119.rw_action_time           195197                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_120.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_121.rw_action_time          2690640                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_122.rw_action_time           324181                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_123.rw_action_time          2770738                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_124.rw_action_time           197212                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_125.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_126.rw_action_time          2752747                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_127.rw_action_time           333421                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_128.rw_action_time          2791744                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_129.rw_action_time           203391                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_130.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_131.rw_action_time          2676209                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_132.rw_action_time           313062                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_133.rw_action_time          2686537                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_134.rw_action_time           192540                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_135.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_136.rw_action_time          2595467                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_137.rw_action_time           305699                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_138.rw_action_time          2699152                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_139.rw_action_time           188083                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_140.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_141.rw_action_time          2620588                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_142.rw_action_time           308818                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_143.rw_action_time          2673728                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_144.rw_action_time           186071                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_145.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_146.rw_action_time          3096995                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_147.rw_action_time           303537                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_148.rw_action_time          3169158                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_149.rw_action_time           184914                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_150.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_151.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_152.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_153.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_154.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_155.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_156.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_157.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_158.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_159.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles               639                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles              1859                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles               993                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles              1402                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles               877                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles             1903                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles             1025                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles             1434                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles              973                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles             2561                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_busy_cycles             1402                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_busy_cycles             2350                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_busy_cycles             1011                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_busy_cycles             3483                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_busy_cycles             1912                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_busy_cycles             2504                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_busy_cycles             1996                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_busy_cycles             4251                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_busy_cycles             3360                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_busy_cycles             3052                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_busy_cycles             1947                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_busy_cycles             2459                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_busy_cycles             1765                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_busy_cycles             3783                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_busy_cycles             2086                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_busy_cycles             5889                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_64.dma_busy_cycles             4003                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_65.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_66.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_67.dma_busy_cycles             5919                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_68.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_69.dma_busy_cycles             3965                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_70.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_71.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_72.dma_busy_cycles             5756                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_73.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_74.dma_busy_cycles             2614                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_75.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_76.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_77.dma_busy_cycles             5643                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_78.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_79.dma_busy_cycles             1919                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_80.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_81.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_82.dma_busy_cycles             5993                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_83.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_84.dma_busy_cycles             3492                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_85.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_86.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_87.dma_busy_cycles             6331                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_88.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_89.dma_busy_cycles             3863                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_90.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_91.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_92.dma_busy_cycles             4895                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_93.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_94.dma_busy_cycles             3438                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_95.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_96.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_97.dma_busy_cycles             3945                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_98.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_99.dma_busy_cycles             3360                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_100.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_101.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_102.dma_busy_cycles            4848                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_103.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_104.dma_busy_cycles            3716                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_105.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_106.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_107.dma_busy_cycles            6223                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_108.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_109.dma_busy_cycles            3956                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_110.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_111.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_112.dma_busy_cycles            5068                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_113.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_114.dma_busy_cycles            3442                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_115.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_116.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_117.dma_busy_cycles            3926                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_118.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_119.dma_busy_cycles            2909                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_120.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_121.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_122.dma_busy_cycles            5438                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_123.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_124.dma_busy_cycles            3878                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_125.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_126.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_127.dma_busy_cycles            6085                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_128.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_129.dma_busy_cycles            4181                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_130.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_131.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_132.dma_busy_cycles            4719                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_133.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_134.dma_busy_cycles            3382                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_135.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_136.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_137.dma_busy_cycles            5243                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_138.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_139.dma_busy_cycles            3141                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_140.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_141.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_142.dma_busy_cycles            4817                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_143.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_144.dma_busy_cycles            3817                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_145.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_146.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_147.dma_busy_cycles            5690                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_148.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_149.dma_busy_cycles            3544                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_150.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_151.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_152.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_153.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_154.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_155.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_156.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_157.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_158.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_159.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles          98297946                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles          98680245                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         100449216                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         100756626                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         102615194                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles          98680241                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         100449212                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         100756622                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         102615190                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles         98680247                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        100449218                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        100756628                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        102615196                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles         98680243                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles        100449214                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles        100756624                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles        102615192                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles         98680252                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles        100449223                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles        100756633                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_idle_cycles        102615201                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_idle_cycles         98680248                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_idle_cycles        100449219                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_idle_cycles        100756629                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_idle_cycles        102615197                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_idle_cycles         98680264                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_idle_cycles        100449235                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_idle_cycles        100756645                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_idle_cycles        102615213                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_idle_cycles         98680260                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_idle_cycles        100449231                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_idle_cycles        100756641                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_idle_cycles        102615209                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_idle_cycles         98680269                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_idle_cycles        100449240                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_idle_cycles        100756650                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_idle_cycles        102615218                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_idle_cycles         98680265                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_idle_cycles        100449236                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_idle_cycles        100756646                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_idle_cycles        102615214                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_idle_cycles         98680261                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_idle_cycles        100449232                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_idle_cycles        100756642                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_idle_cycles        102615210                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_idle_cycles         98680267                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_idle_cycles        100449238                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_idle_cycles        100756648                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_idle_cycles        102615216                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_idle_cycles         98680281                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_idle_cycles        100449252                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_idle_cycles        100756662                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_64.dma_idle_cycles        102615230                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_65.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_66.dma_idle_cycles         98680277                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_67.dma_idle_cycles        100449248                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_68.dma_idle_cycles        100756658                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_69.dma_idle_cycles        102615226                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_70.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_71.dma_idle_cycles         98680273                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_72.dma_idle_cycles        100449244                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_73.dma_idle_cycles        100756654                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_74.dma_idle_cycles        102615222                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_75.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_76.dma_idle_cycles         98680269                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_77.dma_idle_cycles        100449240                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_78.dma_idle_cycles        100756650                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_79.dma_idle_cycles        102615218                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_80.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_81.dma_idle_cycles         98680278                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_82.dma_idle_cycles        100449249                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_83.dma_idle_cycles        100756659                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_84.dma_idle_cycles        102615227                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_85.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_86.dma_idle_cycles         98680284                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_87.dma_idle_cycles        100449255                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_88.dma_idle_cycles        100756665                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_89.dma_idle_cycles        102615233                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_90.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_91.dma_idle_cycles         98680290                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_92.dma_idle_cycles        100449261                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_93.dma_idle_cycles        100756671                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_94.dma_idle_cycles        102615239                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_95.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_96.dma_idle_cycles         98680286                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_97.dma_idle_cycles        100449257                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_98.dma_idle_cycles        100756667                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_99.dma_idle_cycles        102615235                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_100.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_101.dma_idle_cycles        98680295                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_102.dma_idle_cycles       100449266                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_103.dma_idle_cycles       100756676                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_104.dma_idle_cycles       102615244                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_105.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_106.dma_idle_cycles        98680301                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_107.dma_idle_cycles       100449272                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_108.dma_idle_cycles       100756682                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_109.dma_idle_cycles       102615250                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_110.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_111.dma_idle_cycles        98680292                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_112.dma_idle_cycles       100449263                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_113.dma_idle_cycles       100756673                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_114.dma_idle_cycles       102615241                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_115.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_116.dma_idle_cycles        98680288                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_117.dma_idle_cycles       100449259                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_118.dma_idle_cycles       100756669                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_119.dma_idle_cycles       102615237                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_120.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_121.dma_idle_cycles        98680297                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_122.dma_idle_cycles       100449268                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_123.dma_idle_cycles       100756678                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_124.dma_idle_cycles       102615246                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_125.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_126.dma_idle_cycles        98680303                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_127.dma_idle_cycles       100449274                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_128.dma_idle_cycles       100756684                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_129.dma_idle_cycles       102615252                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_130.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_131.dma_idle_cycles        98680294                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_132.dma_idle_cycles       100449265                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_133.dma_idle_cycles       100756675                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_134.dma_idle_cycles       102615243                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_135.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_136.dma_idle_cycles        98680291                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_137.dma_idle_cycles       100449263                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_138.dma_idle_cycles       100756672                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_139.dma_idle_cycles       102615240                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_140.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_141.dma_idle_cycles        98680299                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_142.dma_idle_cycles       100449270                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_143.dma_idle_cycles       100756680                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_144.dma_idle_cycles       102615248                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_145.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_146.dma_idle_cycles        98680295                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_147.dma_idle_cycles       100449267                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_148.dma_idle_cycles       100756676                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_149.dma_idle_cycles       102615244                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_150.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_151.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_152.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_153.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_154.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_155.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_156.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_157.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_158.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_159.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          4809084                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          5856468                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          4762818                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          5840148                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          4610766                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          5855414                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          4721396                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          5835984                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          4610987                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         5847304                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         4719724                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         5836536                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         4650051                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles         5846337                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles         4720085                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles         5828344                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles         4645854                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles         6362706                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles         4761060                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles         6357995                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_stall_cycles         4644791                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_stall_cycles         6363020                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_stall_cycles         4763206                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_stall_cycles         6358142                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_stall_cycles         4645431                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_stall_cycles         5889594                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_stall_cycles         4722148                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_stall_cycles         5869149                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_stall_cycles         4615306                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_stall_cycles         5870908                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_stall_cycles         4720227                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_stall_cycles         5851774                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_stall_cycles         4613003                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_stall_cycles         5860009                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_stall_cycles         4718552                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_stall_cycles         5850857                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_stall_cycles         4612193                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_stall_cycles         5888101                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_stall_cycles         4721794                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_stall_cycles         5871363                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_stall_cycles         4613394                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_stall_cycles         5862482                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_stall_cycles         4719830                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_stall_cycles         5848847                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_stall_cycles         4611750                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_stall_cycles         5872323                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_stall_cycles         4721038                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_stall_cycles         5853670                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_stall_cycles         4612490                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_stall_cycles         5892842                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_stall_cycles         4718709                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_stall_cycles         5867453                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_64.dma_stall_cycles         4613577                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_65.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_66.dma_stall_cycles         5860268                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_67.dma_stall_cycles         4716677                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_68.dma_stall_cycles         5848833                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_69.dma_stall_cycles         4611818                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_70.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_71.dma_stall_cycles         6371718                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_72.dma_stall_cycles         4715041                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_73.dma_stall_cycles         6380293                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_74.dma_stall_cycles         4609878                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_75.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_76.dma_stall_cycles         6378668                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_77.dma_stall_cycles         4762004                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_78.dma_stall_cycles         6370253                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_79.dma_stall_cycles         4609905                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_80.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_81.dma_stall_cycles         5867304                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_82.dma_stall_cycles         4716951                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_83.dma_stall_cycles         5853345                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_84.dma_stall_cycles         4610434                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_85.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_86.dma_stall_cycles         5883420                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_87.dma_stall_cycles         4717949                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_88.dma_stall_cycles         5872046                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_89.dma_stall_cycles         4611935                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_90.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_91.dma_stall_cycles         5923253                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_92.dma_stall_cycles         4722144                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_93.dma_stall_cycles         5900216                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_94.dma_stall_cycles         4615482                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_95.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_96.dma_stall_cycles         5899695                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_97.dma_stall_cycles         4720522                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_98.dma_stall_cycles         5885752                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_99.dma_stall_cycles         4613724                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_100.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_101.dma_stall_cycles        5911402                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_102.dma_stall_cycles        4720373                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_103.dma_stall_cycles        5887052                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_104.dma_stall_cycles        4616103                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_105.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_106.dma_stall_cycles        5919869                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_107.dma_stall_cycles        4721574                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_108.dma_stall_cycles        5906363                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_109.dma_stall_cycles        4617429                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_110.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_111.dma_stall_cycles        5919408                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_112.dma_stall_cycles        4721992                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_113.dma_stall_cycles        5907727                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_114.dma_stall_cycles        4614745                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_115.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_116.dma_stall_cycles        5892303                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_117.dma_stall_cycles        4721800                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_118.dma_stall_cycles        5874641                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_119.dma_stall_cycles        4613855                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_120.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_121.dma_stall_cycles        5902254                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_122.dma_stall_cycles        4720158                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_123.dma_stall_cycles        5885864                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_124.dma_stall_cycles        4613410                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_125.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_126.dma_stall_cycles        5921014                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_127.dma_stall_cycles        4722119                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_128.dma_stall_cycles        5906218                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_129.dma_stall_cycles        4616659                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_130.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_131.dma_stall_cycles        5868057                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_132.dma_stall_cycles        4718588                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_133.dma_stall_cycles        5838227                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_134.dma_stall_cycles        4611694                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_135.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_136.dma_stall_cycles        5871099                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_137.dma_stall_cycles        4718533                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_138.dma_stall_cycles        5842100                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_139.dma_stall_cycles        4610307                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_140.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_141.dma_stall_cycles        5858361                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_142.dma_stall_cycles        4717163                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_143.dma_stall_cycles        5838996                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_144.dma_stall_cycles        4608315                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_145.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_146.dma_stall_cycles        5852281                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_147.dma_stall_cycles        4717142                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_148.dma_stall_cycles        5839972                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_149.dma_stall_cycles        4608801                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_150.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_151.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_152.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_153.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_154.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_155.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_156.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_157.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_158.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_159.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               260                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               237                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0                20                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               191                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0                16                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0                 0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               233                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0                31                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               206                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0                24                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              202                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0               25                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              200                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0               22                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0              200                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0               29                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0              214                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0               22                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0              222                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0               34                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0              231                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_0               17                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_0              223                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_0               32                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_0              237                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_0               23                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_0              179                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_0               21                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_0              191                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_0               15                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_0              170                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_0               22                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_0              176                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_0               15                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_40.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_41.onTLbMissCall_0              175                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_42.onTLbMissCall_0               24                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_43.onTLbMissCall_0              183                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_44.onTLbMissCall_0               15                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_45.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_46.onTLbMissCall_0              184                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_47.onTLbMissCall_0               25                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_48.onTLbMissCall_0              186                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_49.onTLbMissCall_0               15                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_50.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_51.onTLbMissCall_0              176                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_52.onTLbMissCall_0               21                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_53.onTLbMissCall_0              189                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_54.onTLbMissCall_0               18                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_55.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_56.onTLbMissCall_0              178                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_57.onTLbMissCall_0               24                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_58.onTLbMissCall_0              184                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_59.onTLbMissCall_0               19                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_60.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_61.onTLbMissCall_0              189                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_62.onTLbMissCall_0               18                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_63.onTLbMissCall_0              202                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_64.onTLbMissCall_0               11                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_65.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_66.onTLbMissCall_0              192                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_67.onTLbMissCall_0               21                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_68.onTLbMissCall_0              236                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_69.onTLbMissCall_0               20                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_70.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_71.onTLbMissCall_0              259                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_72.onTLbMissCall_0               23                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_73.onTLbMissCall_0              215                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_74.onTLbMissCall_0               16                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_75.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_76.onTLbMissCall_0              210                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_77.onTLbMissCall_0               31                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_78.onTLbMissCall_0              258                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_79.onTLbMissCall_0               17                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_80.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_81.onTLbMissCall_0              195                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_82.onTLbMissCall_0               23                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_83.onTLbMissCall_0              205                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_84.onTLbMissCall_0               14                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_85.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_86.onTLbMissCall_0              195                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_87.onTLbMissCall_0               23                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_88.onTLbMissCall_0              248                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_89.onTLbMissCall_0               15                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_90.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_91.onTLbMissCall_0              183                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_92.onTLbMissCall_0               18                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_93.onTLbMissCall_0              198                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_94.onTLbMissCall_0               10                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_95.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_96.onTLbMissCall_0              183                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_97.onTLbMissCall_0               23                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_98.onTLbMissCall_0              208                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_99.onTLbMissCall_0               16                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_100.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_101.onTLbMissCall_0             166                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_102.onTLbMissCall_0              20                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_103.onTLbMissCall_0             188                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_104.onTLbMissCall_0              14                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_105.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_106.onTLbMissCall_0             177                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_107.onTLbMissCall_0              20                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_108.onTLbMissCall_0             181                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_109.onTLbMissCall_0              14                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_110.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_111.onTLbMissCall_0             172                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_112.onTLbMissCall_0              21                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_113.onTLbMissCall_0             182                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_114.onTLbMissCall_0              14                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_115.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_116.onTLbMissCall_0             171                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_117.onTLbMissCall_0              23                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_118.onTLbMissCall_0             180                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_119.onTLbMissCall_0              16                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_120.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_121.onTLbMissCall_0             171                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_122.onTLbMissCall_0              21                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_123.onTLbMissCall_0             173                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_124.onTLbMissCall_0              14                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_125.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_126.onTLbMissCall_0             175                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_127.onTLbMissCall_0              23                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_128.onTLbMissCall_0             182                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_129.onTLbMissCall_0              17                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_130.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_131.onTLbMissCall_0             174                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_132.onTLbMissCall_0              23                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_133.onTLbMissCall_0             192                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_134.onTLbMissCall_0              16                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_135.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_136.onTLbMissCall_0             183                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_137.onTLbMissCall_0              22                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_138.onTLbMissCall_0             197                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_139.onTLbMissCall_0              15                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_140.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_141.onTLbMissCall_0             176                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_142.onTLbMissCall_0              21                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_143.onTLbMissCall_0             180                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_144.onTLbMissCall_0              13                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_145.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_146.onTLbMissCall_0             228                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_147.onTLbMissCall_0              22                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_148.onTLbMissCall_0             231                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_149.onTLbMissCall_0              15                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_150.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_151.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_152.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_153.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_154.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_155.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_156.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_157.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_158.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_159.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              3305                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1               347                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1               950                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1               288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1               288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1                 0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1               342                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              1458                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1               283                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1               360                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1              277                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1              956                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1              287                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1              360                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1              284                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1             1467                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1              279                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1              432                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1              350                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1             1463                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1              357                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_1              432                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_1              345                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_1             1474                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_1              355                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_1              432                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_1              278                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_1              949                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_1              288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_1              288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_1              283                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_1              946                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_1              286                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_1              288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_40.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_41.onTLbMissCall_1              281                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_42.onTLbMissCall_1              949                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_43.onTLbMissCall_1              288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_44.onTLbMissCall_1              288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_45.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_46.onTLbMissCall_1              281                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_47.onTLbMissCall_1              949                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_48.onTLbMissCall_1              283                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_49.onTLbMissCall_1              288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_50.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_51.onTLbMissCall_1              277                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_52.onTLbMissCall_1              953                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_53.onTLbMissCall_1              283                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_54.onTLbMissCall_1              288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_55.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_56.onTLbMissCall_1              276                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_57.onTLbMissCall_1              953                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_58.onTLbMissCall_1              284                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_59.onTLbMissCall_1              288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_60.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_61.onTLbMissCall_1              277                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_62.onTLbMissCall_1              944                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_63.onTLbMissCall_1              282                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_64.onTLbMissCall_1              288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_65.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_66.onTLbMissCall_1              270                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_67.onTLbMissCall_1              944                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_68.onTLbMissCall_1              347                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_69.onTLbMissCall_1              288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_70.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_71.onTLbMissCall_1              417                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_72.onTLbMissCall_1              945                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_73.onTLbMissCall_1              357                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_74.onTLbMissCall_1              288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_75.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_76.onTLbMissCall_1              356                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_77.onTLbMissCall_1              942                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_78.onTLbMissCall_1              430                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_79.onTLbMissCall_1              288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_80.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_81.onTLbMissCall_1              283                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_82.onTLbMissCall_1              941                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_83.onTLbMissCall_1              286                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_84.onTLbMissCall_1              288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_85.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_86.onTLbMissCall_1              275                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_87.onTLbMissCall_1              939                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_88.onTLbMissCall_1              350                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_89.onTLbMissCall_1              288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_90.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_91.onTLbMissCall_1              281                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_92.onTLbMissCall_1              940                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_93.onTLbMissCall_1              288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_94.onTLbMissCall_1              288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_95.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_96.onTLbMissCall_1              280                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_97.onTLbMissCall_1              940                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_98.onTLbMissCall_1              272                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_99.onTLbMissCall_1              288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_100.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_101.onTLbMissCall_1             280                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_102.onTLbMissCall_1             942                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_103.onTLbMissCall_1             282                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_104.onTLbMissCall_1             288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_105.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_106.onTLbMissCall_1             276                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_107.onTLbMissCall_1             950                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_108.onTLbMissCall_1             287                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_109.onTLbMissCall_1             288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_110.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_111.onTLbMissCall_1             280                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_112.onTLbMissCall_1             945                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_113.onTLbMissCall_1             281                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_114.onTLbMissCall_1             288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_115.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_116.onTLbMissCall_1             276                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_117.onTLbMissCall_1             946                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_118.onTLbMissCall_1             283                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_119.onTLbMissCall_1             288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_120.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_121.onTLbMissCall_1             276                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_122.onTLbMissCall_1             947                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_123.onTLbMissCall_1             288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_124.onTLbMissCall_1             288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_125.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_126.onTLbMissCall_1             283                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_127.onTLbMissCall_1             939                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_128.onTLbMissCall_1             286                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_129.onTLbMissCall_1             288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_130.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_131.onTLbMissCall_1             279                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_132.onTLbMissCall_1             943                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_133.onTLbMissCall_1             282                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_134.onTLbMissCall_1             288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_135.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_136.onTLbMissCall_1             276                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_137.onTLbMissCall_1             943                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_138.onTLbMissCall_1             285                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_139.onTLbMissCall_1             288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_140.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_141.onTLbMissCall_1             276                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_142.onTLbMissCall_1             945                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_143.onTLbMissCall_1             286                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_144.onTLbMissCall_1             288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_145.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_146.onTLbMissCall_1             339                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_147.onTLbMissCall_1             941                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_148.onTLbMissCall_1             348                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_149.onTLbMissCall_1             288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_150.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_151.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_152.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_153.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_154.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_155.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_156.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_157.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_158.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_159.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              3051                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2             11698                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2               926                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2             11550                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2               613                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2                 0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2             11644                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2               927                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2             11842                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2               832                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2             9405                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2              728                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2            11461                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2              737                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2             9466                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2              927                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2            11952                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2              960                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2            11874                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2             1118                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2            14584                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_2              943                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_2            11849                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_2             1119                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_2            14893                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_2              961                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_2             9129                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_2              731                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_2            10887                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_2              582                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_2             9346                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_2              732                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_2            11085                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_2              613                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_40.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_41.onTLbMissCall_2             9299                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_42.onTLbMissCall_2              730                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_43.onTLbMissCall_2            10811                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_44.onTLbMissCall_2              583                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_45.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_46.onTLbMissCall_2             9310                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_47.onTLbMissCall_2              731                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_48.onTLbMissCall_2            11048                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_49.onTLbMissCall_2              611                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_50.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_51.onTLbMissCall_2             9325                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_52.onTLbMissCall_2              731                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_53.onTLbMissCall_2            11497                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_54.onTLbMissCall_2              611                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_55.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_56.onTLbMissCall_2             9147                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_57.onTLbMissCall_2              730                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_58.onTLbMissCall_2            11029                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_59.onTLbMissCall_2              606                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_60.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_61.onTLbMissCall_2             9108                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_62.onTLbMissCall_2              734                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_63.onTLbMissCall_2            10774                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_64.onTLbMissCall_2              587                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_65.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_66.onTLbMissCall_2             9019                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_67.onTLbMissCall_2              732                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_68.onTLbMissCall_2            13573                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_69.onTLbMissCall_2              581                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_70.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_71.onTLbMissCall_2            13940                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_72.onTLbMissCall_2              730                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_73.onTLbMissCall_2            13875                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_74.onTLbMissCall_2              611                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_75.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_76.onTLbMissCall_2            11927                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_77.onTLbMissCall_2              920                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_78.onTLbMissCall_2            17581                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_79.onTLbMissCall_2              612                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_80.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_81.onTLbMissCall_2             9277                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_82.onTLbMissCall_2              731                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_83.onTLbMissCall_2            11002                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_84.onTLbMissCall_2              611                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_85.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_86.onTLbMissCall_2             9241                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_87.onTLbMissCall_2              732                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_88.onTLbMissCall_2            13367                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_89.onTLbMissCall_2              583                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_90.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_91.onTLbMissCall_2             9234                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_92.onTLbMissCall_2              735                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_93.onTLbMissCall_2            10678                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_94.onTLbMissCall_2              586                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_95.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_96.onTLbMissCall_2             9167                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_97.onTLbMissCall_2              731                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_98.onTLbMissCall_2            10703                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_99.onTLbMissCall_2              583                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_100.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_101.onTLbMissCall_2            9209                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_102.onTLbMissCall_2             732                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_103.onTLbMissCall_2           10535                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_104.onTLbMissCall_2             583                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_105.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_106.onTLbMissCall_2            9077                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_107.onTLbMissCall_2             728                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_108.onTLbMissCall_2           10588                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_109.onTLbMissCall_2             585                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_110.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_111.onTLbMissCall_2            9242                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_112.onTLbMissCall_2             732                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_113.onTLbMissCall_2           10693                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_114.onTLbMissCall_2             583                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_115.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_116.onTLbMissCall_2            9202                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_117.onTLbMissCall_2             730                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_118.onTLbMissCall_2           10858                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_119.onTLbMissCall_2             610                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_120.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_121.onTLbMissCall_2            9165                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_122.onTLbMissCall_2             732                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_123.onTLbMissCall_2           10927                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_124.onTLbMissCall_2             583                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_125.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_126.onTLbMissCall_2            9160                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_127.onTLbMissCall_2             730                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_128.onTLbMissCall_2           10740                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_129.onTLbMissCall_2             582                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_130.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_131.onTLbMissCall_2            9326                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_132.onTLbMissCall_2             730                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_133.onTLbMissCall_2           10935                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_134.onTLbMissCall_2             612                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_135.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_136.onTLbMissCall_2            9240                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_137.onTLbMissCall_2             731                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_138.onTLbMissCall_2           11453                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_139.onTLbMissCall_2             614                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_140.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_141.onTLbMissCall_2            9110                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_142.onTLbMissCall_2             731                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_143.onTLbMissCall_2           11020                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_144.onTLbMissCall_2             613                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_145.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_146.onTLbMissCall_2           11704                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_147.onTLbMissCall_2             731                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_148.onTLbMissCall_2           14320                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_149.onTLbMissCall_2             613                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_150.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_151.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_152.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_153.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_154.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_155.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_156.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_157.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_158.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_159.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles            9956                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles           18088                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles            6099                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles             737                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles            3004                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles           28377                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles            6259                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles             737                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles            3025                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles          19003                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles           5991                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles          12251                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles           3820                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles          18016                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles           6169                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles            732                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles           3801                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles          14313                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles           6240                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles          13615                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshr_stall_cycles           3822                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshr_stall_cycles          12809                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshr_stall_cycles           5603                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshr_stall_cycles            729                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshr_stall_cycles           3820                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshr_stall_cycles          16773                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.mshr_stall_cycles           6585                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.mshr_stall_cycles          12598                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.mshr_stall_cycles           3911                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.mshr_stall_cycles          12926                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.mshr_stall_cycles           6621                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.mshr_stall_cycles          12939                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.mshr_stall_cycles           3742                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.mshr_stall_cycles          14777                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.mshr_stall_cycles           6523                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.mshr_stall_cycles          14661                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.mshr_stall_cycles           3818                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.mshr_stall_cycles          14765                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.mshr_stall_cycles           6339                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.mshr_stall_cycles          12420                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.mshr_stall_cycles           3866                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.mshr_stall_cycles          19029                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.mshr_stall_cycles           6364                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.mshr_stall_cycles          13238                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.mshr_stall_cycles           3875                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.mshr_stall_cycles          15702                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.mshr_stall_cycles           6306                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.mshr_stall_cycles          13346                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.mshr_stall_cycles           3705                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.mshr_stall_cycles          19319                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.mshr_stall_cycles           6924                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.mshr_stall_cycles          14400                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_64.mshr_stall_cycles           4017                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_65.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_66.mshr_stall_cycles          11693                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_67.mshr_stall_cycles           6875                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_68.mshr_stall_cycles          15331                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_69.mshr_stall_cycles           4028                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_70.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_71.mshr_stall_cycles          12322                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_72.mshr_stall_cycles           6798                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_73.mshr_stall_cycles          14392                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_74.mshr_stall_cycles           3853                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_75.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_76.mshr_stall_cycles          13116                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_77.mshr_stall_cycles           6837                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_78.mshr_stall_cycles          13318                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_79.mshr_stall_cycles           3823                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_80.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_81.mshr_stall_cycles          14322                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_82.mshr_stall_cycles           6998                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_83.mshr_stall_cycles          14115                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_84.mshr_stall_cycles           4217                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_85.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_86.mshr_stall_cycles          13931                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_87.mshr_stall_cycles           6682                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_88.mshr_stall_cycles          14792                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_89.mshr_stall_cycles           4065                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_90.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_91.mshr_stall_cycles          18794                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_92.mshr_stall_cycles           7265                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_93.mshr_stall_cycles          14332                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_94.mshr_stall_cycles           4221                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_95.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_96.mshr_stall_cycles          14436                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_97.mshr_stall_cycles           7334                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_98.mshr_stall_cycles          13744                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_99.mshr_stall_cycles           4243                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_100.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_101.mshr_stall_cycles         15998                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_102.mshr_stall_cycles          7417                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_103.mshr_stall_cycles         13895                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_104.mshr_stall_cycles          4167                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_105.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_106.mshr_stall_cycles         22824                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_107.mshr_stall_cycles          5963                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_108.mshr_stall_cycles         14306                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_109.mshr_stall_cycles          4050                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_110.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_111.mshr_stall_cycles         22492                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_112.mshr_stall_cycles          6946                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_113.mshr_stall_cycles         13206                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_114.mshr_stall_cycles          4113                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_115.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_116.mshr_stall_cycles         13947                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_117.mshr_stall_cycles          7002                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_118.mshr_stall_cycles         14350                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_119.mshr_stall_cycles          4274                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_120.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_121.mshr_stall_cycles         21366                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_122.mshr_stall_cycles          7073                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_123.mshr_stall_cycles         13309                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_124.mshr_stall_cycles          4093                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_125.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_126.mshr_stall_cycles         23544                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_127.mshr_stall_cycles          6909                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_128.mshr_stall_cycles         13162                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_129.mshr_stall_cycles          3873                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_130.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_131.mshr_stall_cycles         11061                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_132.mshr_stall_cycles          7119                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_133.mshr_stall_cycles         16364                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_134.mshr_stall_cycles          4142                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_135.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_136.mshr_stall_cycles         12981                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_137.mshr_stall_cycles          6690                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_138.mshr_stall_cycles         15133                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_139.mshr_stall_cycles          4311                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_140.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_141.mshr_stall_cycles         21418                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_142.mshr_stall_cycles          7017                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_143.mshr_stall_cycles         14267                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_144.mshr_stall_cycles          4004                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_145.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_146.mshr_stall_cycles         12843                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_147.mshr_stall_cycles          6392                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_148.mshr_stall_cycles         15067                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_149.mshr_stall_cycles          4188                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_150.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_151.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_152.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_153.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_154.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_155.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_156.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_157.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_158.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_159.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      220354     25.35%     25.35% |      216326     24.88%     50.23% |      216335     24.88%     75.12% |      216330     24.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       869345                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       57034     25.98%     25.98% |       54180     24.68%     50.66% |       54186     24.68%     75.34% |       54143     24.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       219543                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      220381     25.35%     25.35% |      216326     24.88%     50.23% |      216335     24.88%     75.12% |      216329     24.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       869371                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       62930     25.88%     25.88% |       60082     24.71%     50.59% |       60092     24.71%     75.30% |       60050     24.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       243154                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           82                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6096     25.00%     25.00% |        6096     25.00%     50.00% |        6096     25.00%     75.00% |        6096     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24384                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      155129     25.14%     25.14% |      153954     24.95%     50.09% |      153957     24.95%     75.04% |      153995     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       617035                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      220354     25.35%     25.35% |      216326     24.88%     50.23% |      216335     24.88%     75.12% |      216330     24.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       869345                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5896     24.97%     24.97% |        5902     25.00%     49.97% |        5906     25.01%     74.98% |        5907     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23611                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5896     24.97%     24.97% |        5902     25.00%     49.97% |        5906     25.01%     74.98% |        5907     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23611                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       56779     25.96%     25.96% |       53986     24.68%     50.64% |       53996     24.69%     75.33% |       53954     24.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       218715                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          773                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      155129     25.14%     25.14% |      153954     24.95%     50.09% |      153957     24.95%     75.04% |      153995     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       617035                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      220354     25.35%     25.35% |      216326     24.88%     50.23% |      216335     24.88%     75.12% |      216329     24.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       869344                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       56779     25.96%     25.96% |       53986     24.68%     50.64% |       53996     24.69%     75.33% |       53954     24.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       218715                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          773                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          773                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24384                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     3960124     74.08%     74.08% |          76      0.00%     74.08% |       55867      1.05%     75.13% |       47179      0.88%     76.01% |       42931      0.80%     76.81% |       44187      0.83%     77.64% |       54491      1.02%     78.66% |       54107      1.01%     79.67% |       43171      0.81%     80.48% |       43043      0.81%     81.28% |       42787      0.80%     82.08% |       43043      0.81%     82.89% |       43043      0.81%     83.69% |       42915      0.80%     84.50% |       43171      0.81%     85.30% |       49739      0.93%     86.23% |       56395      1.05%     87.29% |       60427      1.13%     88.42% |       43171      0.81%     89.23% |       49611      0.93%     90.15% |       43171      0.81%     90.96% |       42915      0.80%     91.76% |       42915      0.80%     92.57% |       43043      0.81%     93.37% |       43043      0.81%     94.18% |       42915      0.80%     94.98% |       43171      0.81%     95.79% |       43171      0.81%     96.60% |       42915      0.80%     97.40% |       42915      0.80%     98.20% |       43043      0.81%     99.01% |       53131      0.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      5345826                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     3813739    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      3813739                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     7672932     99.13%     99.13% |           0      0.00%     99.13% |       11051      0.14%     99.27% |        2481      0.03%     99.30% |        1897      0.02%     99.32% |        2481      0.03%     99.36% |        2625      0.03%     99.39% |        2625      0.03%     99.42% |        1825      0.02%     99.45% |        1825      0.02%     99.47% |        1825      0.02%     99.50% |        1825      0.02%     99.52% |        1825      0.02%     99.54% |        1825      0.02%     99.57% |        1825      0.02%     99.59% |        1897      0.02%     99.61% |        2041      0.03%     99.64% |        2041      0.03%     99.67% |        1825      0.02%     99.69% |        1897      0.02%     99.72% |        1825      0.02%     99.74% |        1825      0.02%     99.76% |        1825      0.02%     99.79% |        1825      0.02%     99.81% |        1825      0.02%     99.83% |        1825      0.02%     99.86% |        1825      0.02%     99.88% |        1825      0.02%     99.90% |        1825      0.02%     99.93% |        1825      0.02%     99.95% |        1825      0.02%     99.97% |        1969      0.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      7740612                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       15661     43.12%     43.12% |          71      0.20%     43.32% |        4291     11.81%     55.13% |         684      1.88%     57.01% |         727      2.00%     59.02% |         822      2.26%     61.28% |         664      1.83%     63.11% |         535      1.47%     64.58% |         486      1.34%     65.92% |         403      1.11%     67.03% |         532      1.46%     68.49% |         397      1.09%     69.59% |         603      1.66%     71.25% |         592      1.63%     72.88% |         471      1.30%     74.17% |         725      2.00%     76.17% |         426      1.17%     77.34% |         371      1.02%     78.36% |         812      2.24%     80.60% |         582      1.60%     82.20% |         293      0.81%     83.01% |         527      1.45%     84.46% |         724      1.99%     86.45% |         445      1.23%     87.68% |         403      1.11%     88.79% |         431      1.19%     89.97% |         549      1.51%     91.49% |         409      1.13%     92.61% |         736      2.03%     94.64% |         698      1.92%     96.56% |         819      2.26%     98.82% |         430      1.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        36319                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      561502     46.57%     46.57% |           0      0.00%     46.57% |       38325      3.18%     49.75% |       22308      1.85%     51.60% |       19717      1.64%     53.23% |       20117      1.67%     54.90% |       24979      2.07%     56.97% |       24979      2.07%     59.04% |       19637      1.63%     60.67% |       19587      1.62%     62.30% |       19584      1.62%     63.92% |       19587      1.62%     65.55% |       19587      1.62%     67.17% |       19588      1.62%     68.80% |       19587      1.62%     70.42% |       21929      1.82%     72.24% |       26585      2.20%     74.44% |       26785      2.22%     76.67% |       19594      1.63%     78.29% |       21924      1.82%     80.11% |       19587      1.62%     81.73% |       19581      1.62%     83.36% |       19581      1.62%     84.98% |       19586      1.62%     86.61% |       19599      1.63%     88.23% |       19597      1.63%     89.86% |       19603      1.63%     91.48% |       19610      1.63%     93.11% |       19608      1.63%     94.73% |       19605      1.63%     96.36% |       19613      1.63%     97.99% |       24266      2.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1205737                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      0.03%      0.03% |         193      4.85%      4.88% |         128      3.22%      8.10% |         191      4.80%     12.90% |         192      4.83%     17.73% |         193      4.85%     22.58% |         128      3.22%     25.80% |         128      3.22%     29.02% |         128      3.22%     32.24% |         128      3.22%     35.45% |         128      3.22%     38.67% |         129      3.24%     41.92% |         128      3.22%     45.13% |         128      3.22%     48.35% |         128      3.22%     51.57% |         129      3.24%     54.82% |         128      3.22%     58.03% |         129      3.24%     61.28% |         128      3.22%     64.50% |         128      3.22%     67.71% |         128      3.22%     70.93% |         128      3.22%     74.15% |         128      3.22%     77.37% |         128      3.22%     80.59% |         128      3.22%     83.81% |         128      3.22%     87.03% |         128      3.22%     90.24% |         128      3.22%     93.46% |         128      3.22%     96.68% |         132      3.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         3977                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          14      0.31%      0.31% |           4      0.09%      0.39% |          14      0.31%      0.70% |         191      4.16%      4.86% |         156      3.40%      8.26% |         186      4.05%     12.32% |         189      4.12%     16.44% |         199      4.34%     20.78% |         149      3.25%     24.02% |         151      3.29%     27.32% |         149      3.25%     30.56% |         150      3.27%     33.83% |         149      3.25%     37.08% |         150      3.27%     40.35% |         150      3.27%     43.62% |         150      3.27%     46.89% |         156      3.40%     50.29% |         155      3.38%     53.67% |         150      3.27%     56.94% |         150      3.27%     60.21% |         151      3.29%     63.51% |         150      3.27%     66.78% |         153      3.34%     70.11% |         151      3.29%     73.40% |         150      3.27%     76.67% |         151      3.29%     79.97% |         150      3.27%     83.24% |         150      3.27%     86.51% |         149      3.25%     89.75% |         149      3.25%     93.00% |         150      3.27%     96.27% |         171      3.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         4587                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          62     95.38%     95.38% |           0      0.00%     95.38% |           0      0.00%     95.38% |           0      0.00%     95.38% |           0      0.00%     95.38% |           0      0.00%     95.38% |           0      0.00%     95.38% |           0      0.00%     95.38% |           0      0.00%     95.38% |           0      0.00%     95.38% |           0      0.00%     95.38% |           0      0.00%     95.38% |           0      0.00%     95.38% |           0      0.00%     95.38% |           0      0.00%     95.38% |           1      1.54%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           2      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total           65                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      154573     19.40%     19.40% |          63      0.01%     19.41% |       26684      3.35%     22.76% |       22600      2.84%     25.60% |       20064      2.52%     28.11% |       20414      2.56%     30.68% |       25249      3.17%     33.85% |       25253      3.17%     37.02% |       19935      2.50%     39.52% |       19936      2.50%     42.02% |       19931      2.50%     44.52% |       19931      2.50%     47.02% |       19932      2.50%     49.53% |       19932      2.50%     52.03% |       19931      2.50%     54.53% |       22256      2.79%     57.32% |       26901      3.38%     60.70% |       27096      3.40%     64.10% |       19931      2.50%     66.60% |       22253      2.79%     69.40% |       19932      2.50%     71.90% |       19930      2.50%     74.40% |       19932      2.50%     76.90% |       19928      2.50%     79.40% |       19933      2.50%     81.90% |       19932      2.50%     84.41% |       19932      2.50%     86.91% |       19928      2.50%     89.41% |       19932      2.50%     91.91% |       19933      2.50%     94.41% |       19930      2.50%     96.91% |       24584      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       796691                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           2      0.04%      0.04% |          13      0.28%      0.33% |        3861     84.17%     84.50% |          34      0.74%     85.24% |          21      0.46%     85.70% |          36      0.78%     86.48% |          34      0.74%     87.22% |          35      0.76%     87.99% |          21      0.46%     88.45% |          22      0.48%     88.93% |          22      0.48%     89.40% |          23      0.50%     89.91% |          22      0.48%     90.39% |          21      0.46%     90.84% |          22      0.48%     91.32% |          21      0.46%     91.78% |          26      0.57%     92.35% |          31      0.68%     93.02% |          25      0.55%     93.57% |          23      0.50%     94.07% |          25      0.55%     94.62% |          22      0.48%     95.09% |          22      0.48%     95.57% |          26      0.57%     96.14% |          22      0.48%     96.62% |          22      0.48%     97.10% |          21      0.46%     97.56% |          28      0.61%     98.17% |          21      0.46%     98.63% |          26      0.57%     99.19% |          23      0.50%     99.69% |          14      0.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total         4587                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      410682     96.79%     96.79% |           0      0.00%     96.79% |        8254      1.95%     98.74% |         206      0.05%     98.78% |         165      0.04%     98.82% |         201      0.05%     98.87% |         237      0.06%     98.93% |         226      0.05%     98.98% |         218      0.05%     99.03% |         166      0.04%     99.07% |         169      0.04%     99.11% |         170      0.04%     99.15% |         167      0.04%     99.19% |         169      0.04%     99.23% |         171      0.04%     99.27% |         183      0.04%     99.31% |         191      0.05%     99.36% |         192      0.05%     99.40% |         173      0.04%     99.44% |         187      0.04%     99.49% |         167      0.04%     99.53% |         166      0.04%     99.57% |         164      0.04%     99.60% |         169      0.04%     99.64% |         182      0.04%     99.69% |         179      0.04%     99.73% |         190      0.04%     99.77% |         194      0.05%     99.82% |         188      0.04%     99.86% |         181      0.04%     99.91% |         196      0.05%     99.95% |         198      0.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       424301                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          92     42.20%     42.20% |           5      2.29%     44.50% |           4      1.83%     46.33% |           6      2.75%     49.08% |           6      2.75%     51.83% |           7      3.21%     55.05% |           4      1.83%     56.88% |           4      1.83%     58.72% |           4      1.83%     60.55% |           5      2.29%     62.84% |           4      1.83%     64.68% |           4      1.83%     66.51% |           4      1.83%     68.35% |           4      1.83%     70.18% |           5      2.29%     72.48% |           4      1.83%     74.31% |           4      1.83%     76.15% |           4      1.83%     77.98% |           4      1.83%     79.82% |           4      1.83%     81.65% |           4      1.83%     83.49% |           4      1.83%     85.32% |           4      1.83%     87.16% |           4      1.83%     88.99% |           4      1.83%     90.83% |           4      1.83%     92.66% |           4      1.83%     94.50% |           4      1.83%     96.33% |           4      1.83%     98.17% |           4      1.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total          218                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          21      9.68%      9.68% |           0      0.00%      9.68% |          67     30.88%     40.55% |           5      2.30%     42.86% |           4      1.84%     44.70% |           6      2.76%     47.47% |           6      2.76%     50.23% |           7      3.23%     53.46% |           4      1.84%     55.30% |           4      1.84%     57.14% |           4      1.84%     58.99% |           5      2.30%     61.29% |           4      1.84%     63.13% |           4      1.84%     64.98% |           4      1.84%     66.82% |           4      1.84%     68.66% |           5      2.30%     70.97% |           5      2.30%     73.27% |           4      1.84%     75.12% |           4      1.84%     76.96% |           4      1.84%     78.80% |           4      1.84%     80.65% |           4      1.84%     82.49% |           4      1.84%     84.33% |           4      1.84%     86.18% |           4      1.84%     88.02% |           4      1.84%     89.86% |           4      1.84%     91.71% |           4      1.84%     93.55% |           4      1.84%     95.39% |           4      1.84%     97.24% |           6      2.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total          217                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      438169     41.45%     41.45% |           0      0.00%     41.45% |       34037      3.22%     44.67% |       21401      2.02%     46.70% |       18840      1.78%     48.48% |       19096      1.81%     50.29% |       24070      2.28%     52.56% |       24195      2.29%     54.85% |       18972      1.79%     56.65% |       19031      1.80%     58.45% |       18910      1.79%     60.24% |       19033      1.80%     62.04% |       18832      1.78%     63.82% |       18838      1.78%     65.60% |       18956      1.79%     67.39% |       21050      1.99%     69.39% |       25983      2.46%     71.84% |       26231      2.48%     74.33% |       18635      1.76%     76.09% |       21184      2.00%     78.09% |       19142      1.81%     79.90% |       18907      1.79%     81.69% |       18714      1.77%     83.46% |       19005      1.80%     85.26% |       19049      1.80%     87.06% |       19011      1.80%     88.86% |       18886      1.79%     90.65% |       19043      1.80%     92.45% |       18730      1.77%     94.22% |       18751      1.77%     96.00% |       18675      1.77%     97.76% |       23647      2.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1057023                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      153466     19.12%     19.12% |          38      0.00%     19.13% |       30634      3.82%     22.95% |       22710      2.83%     25.78% |       20149      2.51%     28.29% |       20516      2.56%     30.85% |       25376      3.16%     34.01% |       25376      3.16%     37.17% |       20050      2.50%     39.67% |       20025      2.50%     42.16% |       20022      2.50%     44.66% |       20025      2.50%     47.15% |       20025      2.50%     49.65% |       20026      2.50%     52.15% |       20025      2.50%     54.64% |       22358      2.79%     57.43% |       27012      3.37%     60.79% |       27219      3.39%     64.19% |       20025      2.50%     66.68% |       22353      2.79%     69.47% |       20025      2.50%     71.96% |       20012      2.49%     74.46% |       20012      2.49%     76.95% |       20024      2.50%     79.45% |       20013      2.49%     81.94% |       20028      2.50%     84.44% |       20041      2.50%     86.93% |       20041      2.50%     89.43% |       20039      2.50%     91.93% |       20043      2.50%     94.43% |       20035      2.50%     96.92% |       24695      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       802438                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122906    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122906                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      286038     96.41%     96.41% |           0      0.00%     96.41% |        8203      2.76%     99.17% |         110      0.04%     99.21% |          80      0.03%     99.24% |         113      0.04%     99.27% |         115      0.04%     99.31% |         115      0.04%     99.35% |          99      0.03%     99.38% |          74      0.02%     99.41% |          74      0.02%     99.43% |          74      0.02%     99.46% |          74      0.02%     99.48% |          74      0.02%     99.51% |          74      0.02%     99.53% |          83      0.03%     99.56% |          85      0.03%     99.59% |          78      0.03%     99.62% |          81      0.03%     99.64% |          83      0.03%     99.67% |          74      0.02%     99.70% |          81      0.03%     99.72% |          81      0.03%     99.75% |          74      0.02%     99.78% |          98      0.03%     99.81% |          81      0.03%     99.84% |          74      0.02%     99.86% |          81      0.03%     99.89% |          81      0.03%     99.92% |          74      0.02%     99.94% |          90      0.03%     99.97% |          83      0.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       296699                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11272     56.07%     56.07% |           0      0.00%     56.07% |        3869     19.24%     75.31% |         210      1.04%     76.35% |         153      0.76%     77.12% |         203      1.01%     78.12% |         213      1.06%     79.18% |         218      1.08%     80.27% |         163      0.81%     81.08% |         165      0.82%     81.90% |         162      0.81%     82.71% |         166      0.83%     83.53% |         164      0.82%     84.35% |         164      0.82%     85.16% |         167      0.83%     85.99% |         160      0.80%     86.79% |         170      0.85%     87.63% |         171      0.85%     88.49% |         165      0.82%     89.31% |         167      0.83%     90.14% |         167      0.83%     90.97% |         167      0.83%     91.80% |         167      0.83%     92.63% |         168      0.84%     93.46% |         167      0.83%     94.29% |         166      0.83%     95.12% |         159      0.79%     95.91% |         162      0.81%     96.72% |         155      0.77%     97.49% |         165      0.82%     98.31% |         164      0.82%     99.12% |         176      0.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        20105                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        1704     70.53%     70.53% |          38      1.57%     72.10% |          21      0.87%     72.97% |          20      0.83%     73.80% |          21      0.87%     74.67% |          22      0.91%     75.58% |          23      0.95%     76.53% |          23      0.95%     77.48% |          24      0.99%     78.48% |          24      0.99%     79.47% |          21      0.87%     80.34% |          24      0.99%     81.33% |          21      0.87%     82.20% |          21      0.87%     83.07% |          24      0.99%     84.06% |          18      0.75%     84.81% |          21      0.87%     85.68% |          23      0.95%     86.63% |          21      0.87%     87.50% |          24      0.99%     88.49% |          24      0.99%     89.49% |          25      1.03%     90.52% |          24      0.99%     91.51% |          24      0.99%     92.51% |          25      1.03%     93.54% |          24      0.99%     94.54% |          24      0.99%     95.53% |          24      0.99%     96.52% |          21      0.87%     97.39% |          22      0.91%     98.30% |          21      0.87%     99.17% |          20      0.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         2416                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        1111    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         1111                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          34     44.74%     44.74% |           0      0.00%     44.74% |           3      3.95%     48.68% |           0      0.00%     48.68% |           0      0.00%     48.68% |           0      0.00%     48.68% |           6      7.89%     56.58% |           0      0.00%     56.58% |           1      1.32%     57.89% |           1      1.32%     59.21% |           5      6.58%     65.79% |           1      1.32%     67.11% |           1      1.32%     68.42% |           1      1.32%     69.74% |           1      1.32%     71.05% |           1      1.32%     72.37% |           0      0.00%     72.37% |           0      0.00%     72.37% |           2      2.63%     75.00% |           3      3.95%     78.95% |           1      1.32%     80.26% |           0      0.00%     80.26% |           1      1.32%     81.58% |           1      1.32%     82.89% |           1      1.32%     84.21% |           0      0.00%     84.21% |           4      5.26%     89.47% |           4      5.26%     94.74% |           0      0.00%     94.74% |           1      1.32%     96.05% |           3      3.95%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           76                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         670      4.41%      4.41% |           0      0.00%      4.41% |         342      2.25%      6.67% |         630      4.15%     10.82% |         665      4.38%     15.20% |         756      4.98%     20.18% |         613      4.04%     24.21% |         483      3.18%     27.39% |         419      2.76%     30.15% |         331      2.18%     32.33% |         454      2.99%     35.32% |         329      2.17%     37.49% |         531      3.50%     40.99% |         524      3.45%     44.44% |         403      2.65%     47.10% |         649      4.27%     51.37% |         355      2.34%     53.71% |         290      1.91%     55.62% |         733      4.83%     60.45% |         507      3.34%     63.79% |         217      1.43%     65.22% |         457      3.01%     68.23% |         650      4.28%     72.51% |         350      2.31%     74.81% |         334      2.20%     77.01% |         356      2.34%     79.36% |         483      3.18%     82.54% |         330      2.17%     84.71% |         650      4.28%     88.99% |         612      4.03%     93.02% |         702      4.62%     97.65% |         357      2.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        15182                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       12245      1.73%      1.73% |           0      0.00%      1.73% |       23313      3.29%      5.02% |       22714      3.21%      8.22% |       21522      3.04%     11.26% |       21935      3.10%     14.36% |       27322      3.86%     18.21% |       26835      3.79%     22.00% |       21906      3.09%     25.09% |       21801      3.08%     28.17% |       21550      3.04%     31.21% |       21801      3.08%     34.29% |       21804      3.08%     37.36% |       21674      3.06%     40.42% |       21928      3.09%     43.52% |       26149      3.69%     47.21% |       28098      3.97%     51.17% |       31732      4.48%     55.65% |       21931      3.10%     58.75% |       26019      3.67%     62.42% |       21928      3.09%     65.51% |       21683      3.06%     68.57% |       21683      3.06%     71.63% |       21777      3.07%     74.71% |       21812      3.08%     77.79% |       21286      3.00%     80.79% |       21912      3.09%     83.88% |       21912      3.09%     86.98% |       21661      3.06%     90.03% |       21658      3.06%     93.09% |       21791      3.08%     96.16% |       27176      3.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       708558                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     3689658    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      3689658                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          21     13.82%     13.82% |           0      0.00%     13.82% |           5      3.29%     17.11% |           5      3.29%     20.39% |           4      2.63%     23.03% |           6      3.95%     26.97% |           6      3.95%     30.92% |           7      4.61%     35.53% |           4      2.63%     38.16% |           4      2.63%     40.79% |           4      2.63%     43.42% |           5      3.29%     46.71% |           4      2.63%     49.34% |           4      2.63%     51.97% |           4      2.63%     54.61% |           4      2.63%     57.24% |           5      3.29%     60.53% |           4      2.63%     63.16% |           4      2.63%     65.79% |           4      2.63%     68.42% |           4      2.63%     71.05% |           4      2.63%     73.68% |           4      2.63%     76.32% |           4      2.63%     78.95% |           4      2.63%     81.58% |           4      2.63%     84.21% |           4      2.63%     86.84% |           4      2.63%     89.47% |           4      2.63%     92.11% |           4      2.63%     94.74% |           4      2.63%     97.37% |           4      2.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total          152                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        2003     66.59%     66.59% |          15      0.50%     67.09% |          27      0.90%     67.99% |          35      1.16%     69.15% |          43      1.43%     70.58% |          35      1.16%     71.74% |          33      1.10%     72.84% |          33      1.10%     73.94% |          34      1.13%     75.07% |          31      1.03%     76.10% |          33      1.10%     77.19% |          33      1.10%     78.29% |          31      1.03%     79.32% |          31      1.03%     80.35% |          32      1.06%     81.42% |          32      1.06%     82.48% |          33      1.10%     83.58% |          30      1.00%     84.57% |          31      1.03%     85.61% |          33      1.10%     86.70% |          32      1.06%     87.77% |          32      1.06%     88.83% |          32      1.06%     89.89% |          32      1.06%     90.96% |          31      1.03%     91.99% |          31      1.03%     93.02% |          39      1.30%     94.32% |          40      1.33%     95.64% |          39      1.30%     96.94% |          30      1.00%     97.94% |          31      1.03%     98.97% |          31      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         3008                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122547     91.85%     91.85% |           0      0.00%     91.85% |        3946      2.96%     94.81% |         277      0.21%     95.02% |         212      0.16%     95.18% |         265      0.20%     95.38% |         296      0.22%     95.60% |         301      0.23%     95.82% |         246      0.18%     96.01% |         225      0.17%     96.18% |         220      0.16%     96.34% |         225      0.17%     96.51% |         224      0.17%     96.68% |         226      0.17%     96.85% |         228      0.17%     97.02% |         230      0.17%     97.19% |         247      0.19%     97.38% |         264      0.20%     97.57% |         226      0.17%     97.74% |         233      0.17%     97.92% |         228      0.17%     98.09% |         217      0.16%     98.25% |         217      0.16%     98.41% |         231      0.17%     98.59% |         216      0.16%     98.75% |         230      0.17%     98.92% |         234      0.18%     99.10% |         237      0.18%     99.27% |         228      0.17%     99.45% |         242      0.18%     99.63% |         236      0.18%     99.80% |         262      0.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       133416                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1594181     97.68%     97.68% |           0      0.00%     97.68% |        1765      0.11%     97.79% |        1671      0.10%     97.89% |        1182      0.07%     97.96% |        1658      0.10%     98.07% |        1699      0.10%     98.17% |        1802      0.11%     98.28% |        1135      0.07%     98.35% |        1136      0.07%     98.42% |        1138      0.07%     98.49% |        1136      0.07%     98.56% |        1136      0.07%     98.63% |        1137      0.07%     98.70% |        1137      0.07%     98.77% |        1151      0.07%     98.84% |        1186      0.07%     98.91% |        1375      0.08%     99.00% |        1138      0.07%     99.07% |        1153      0.07%     99.14% |        1138      0.07%     99.21% |        1139      0.07%     99.28% |        1140      0.07%     99.35% |        1162      0.07%     99.42% |        1137      0.07%     99.49% |        1521      0.09%     99.58% |        1138      0.07%     99.65% |        1138      0.07%     99.72% |        1138      0.07%     99.79% |        1135      0.07%     99.86% |        1140      0.07%     99.93% |        1170      0.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1632012                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       25167     50.69%     50.69% |           0      0.00%     50.69% |         897      1.81%     52.50% |         894      1.80%     54.30% |         827      1.67%     55.97% |         891      1.79%     57.76% |        1016      2.05%     59.81% |        1017      2.05%     61.86% |         745      1.50%     63.36% |         768      1.55%     64.91% |         768      1.55%     66.45% |         767      1.55%     68.00% |         768      1.55%     69.55% |         768      1.55%     71.09% |         768      1.55%     72.64% |         824      1.66%     74.30% |         952      1.92%     76.22% |         959      1.93%     78.15% |         761      1.53%     79.68% |         824      1.66%     81.34% |         768      1.55%     82.89% |         761      1.53%     84.42% |         761      1.53%     85.95% |         768      1.55%     87.50% |         745      1.50%     89.00% |         761      1.53%     90.53% |         768      1.55%     92.08% |         760      1.53%     93.61% |         761      1.53%     95.15% |         768      1.55%     96.69% |         753      1.52%     98.21% |         889      1.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        49644                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        2142     19.50%     19.50% |          56      0.51%     20.01% |         315      2.87%     22.87% |         389      3.54%     26.42% |         468      4.26%     30.68% |         540      4.92%     35.59% |         360      3.28%     38.87% |         245      2.23%     41.10% |         237      2.16%     43.26% |         149      1.36%     44.61% |         282      2.57%     47.18% |         125      1.14%     48.32% |         328      2.99%     51.30% |         308      2.80%     54.11% |         179      1.63%     55.73% |         435      3.96%     59.69% |         174      1.58%     61.28% |         123      1.12%     62.40% |         513      4.67%     67.07% |         324      2.95%     70.02% |          54      0.49%     70.51% |         273      2.48%     72.99% |         435      3.96%     76.95% |         172      1.57%     78.52% |         152      1.38%     79.90% |         181      1.65%     81.55% |         289      2.63%     84.18% |         145      1.32%     85.50% |         455      4.14%     89.64% |         401      3.65%     93.29% |         551      5.02%     98.31% |         186      1.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total        10986                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      127175     17.64%     17.64% |           0      0.00%     17.64% |       25137      3.49%     21.13% |       20738      2.88%     24.01% |       18311      2.54%     26.55% |       18480      2.56%     29.11% |       23344      3.24%     32.35% |       23453      3.25%     35.61% |       18432      2.56%     38.16% |       18504      2.57%     40.73% |       18368      2.55%     43.28% |       18526      2.57%     45.85% |       18324      2.54%     48.39% |       18341      2.54%     50.94% |       18470      2.56%     53.50% |       20483      2.84%     56.34% |       25263      3.51%     59.85% |       25503      3.54%     63.38% |       18144      2.52%     65.90% |       20590      2.86%     68.76% |       18595      2.58%     71.34% |       18382      2.55%     73.89% |       18219      2.53%     76.42% |       18473      2.56%     78.98% |       18522      2.57%     81.55% |       18486      2.56%     84.11% |       18363      2.55%     86.66% |       18512      2.57%     89.23% |       18222      2.53%     91.76% |       18268      2.53%     94.29% |       18160      2.52%     96.81% |       22970      3.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       720758                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         190      4.86%      4.86% |         126      3.22%      8.08% |         189      4.83%     12.92% |         189      4.83%     17.75% |         189      4.83%     22.59% |         126      3.22%     25.81% |         126      3.22%     29.04% |         126      3.22%     32.26% |         126      3.22%     35.48% |         126      3.22%     38.71% |         127      3.25%     41.95% |         126      3.22%     45.18% |         126      3.22%     48.40% |         126      3.22%     51.62% |         126      3.22%     54.85% |         126      3.22%     58.07% |         127      3.25%     61.32% |         126      3.22%     64.54% |         126      3.22%     67.77% |         126      3.22%     70.99% |         126      3.22%     74.21% |         126      3.22%     77.44% |         126      3.22%     80.66% |         126      3.22%     83.88% |         126      3.22%     87.11% |         126      3.22%     90.33% |         126      3.22%     93.55% |         126      3.22%     96.78% |         126      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total         3909                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           1      0.16%      0.16% |           4      0.66%      0.82% |          12      1.97%      2.80% |          26      4.28%      7.07% |          23      3.78%     10.86% |          21      3.45%     14.31% |          25      4.11%     18.42% |          34      5.59%     24.01% |          17      2.80%     26.81% |          19      3.12%     29.93% |          17      2.80%     32.73% |          17      2.80%     35.53% |          17      2.80%     38.32% |          18      2.96%     41.28% |          18      2.96%     44.24% |          18      2.96%     47.20% |          24      3.95%     51.15% |          23      3.78%     54.93% |          18      2.96%     57.89% |          18      2.96%     60.86% |          19      3.12%     63.98% |          18      2.96%     66.94% |          21      3.45%     70.39% |          19      3.12%     73.52% |          17      2.80%     76.32% |          19      3.12%     79.44% |          18      2.96%     82.40% |          18      2.96%     85.36% |          16      2.63%     87.99% |          17      2.80%     90.79% |          18      2.96%     93.75% |          38      6.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total          608                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2197583     99.91%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |         134      0.01%     99.92% |          64      0.00%     99.92% |          57      0.00%     99.93% |          56      0.00%     99.93% |          71      0.00%     99.93% |          71      0.00%     99.94% |          56      0.00%     99.94% |          57      0.00%     99.94% |          56      0.00%     99.94% |          57      0.00%     99.95% |          57      0.00%     99.95% |          57      0.00%     99.95% |          57      0.00%     99.95% |          63      0.00%     99.96% |          78      0.00%     99.96% |          78      0.00%     99.96% |          56      0.00%     99.97% |          62      0.00%     99.97% |          56      0.00%     99.97% |          56      0.00%     99.97% |          56      0.00%     99.98% |          56      0.00%     99.98% |          56      0.00%     99.98% |          56      0.00%     99.98% |          56      0.00%     99.99% |          56      0.00%     99.99% |          56      0.00%     99.99% |          57      0.00%     99.99% |          56      0.00%    100.00% |          70      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2199457                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     7360182     99.56%     99.56% |           0      0.00%     99.56% |        1943      0.03%     99.59% |        1472      0.02%     99.61% |         986      0.01%     99.62% |        1471      0.02%     99.64% |        1482      0.02%     99.66% |        1486      0.02%     99.68% |         976      0.01%     99.69% |         978      0.01%     99.71% |         974      0.01%     99.72% |         978      0.01%     99.73% |         978      0.01%     99.75% |         978      0.01%     99.76% |         978      0.01%     99.77% |         985      0.01%     99.79% |         999      0.01%     99.80% |        1000      0.01%     99.81% |         977      0.01%     99.83% |         983      0.01%     99.84% |         978      0.01%     99.85% |         979      0.01%     99.87% |         978      0.01%     99.88% |         978      0.01%     99.89% |         977      0.01%     99.91% |         979      0.01%     99.92% |         975      0.01%     99.93% |         976      0.01%     99.95% |         979      0.01%     99.96% |         978      0.01%     99.97% |         975      0.01%     99.99% |         993      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      7392551                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         243     11.89%     11.89% |           0      0.00%     11.89% |          77      3.77%     15.66% |          50      2.45%     18.10% |          56      2.74%     20.84% |          36      1.76%     22.60% |          58      2.84%     25.44% |          37      1.81%     27.25% |          47      2.30%     29.55% |          57      2.79%     32.34% |          46      2.25%     34.59% |          73      3.57%     38.16% |          77      3.77%     41.93% |          88      4.31%     46.23% |          92      4.50%     50.73% |          83      4.06%     54.79% |          43      2.10%     56.90% |          33      1.61%     58.51% |          95      4.65%     63.16% |          51      2.50%     65.66% |          30      1.47%     67.12% |          52      2.54%     69.67% |          82      4.01%     73.68% |          46      2.25%     75.93% |          51      2.50%     78.42% |          52      2.54%     80.97% |          58      2.84%     83.81% |          48      2.35%     86.15% |          76      3.72%     89.87% |         102      4.99%     94.86% |          72      3.52%     98.39% |          33      1.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total         2044                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      310994     92.48%     92.48% |           0      0.00%     92.48% |        8900      2.65%     95.13% |         663      0.20%     95.33% |         529      0.16%     95.49% |         616      0.18%     95.67% |         726      0.22%     95.89% |         742      0.22%     96.11% |         540      0.16%     96.27% |         527      0.16%     96.42% |         542      0.16%     96.58% |         507      0.15%     96.74% |         508      0.15%     96.89% |         497      0.15%     97.03% |         486      0.14%     97.18% |         567      0.17%     97.35% |         720      0.21%     97.56% |         728      0.22%     97.78% |         491      0.15%     97.92% |         594      0.18%     98.10% |         547      0.16%     98.26% |         525      0.16%     98.42% |         495      0.15%     98.57% |         532      0.16%     98.72% |         527      0.16%     98.88% |         525      0.16%     99.04% |         523      0.16%     99.19% |         531      0.16%     99.35% |         508      0.15%     99.50% |         483      0.14%     99.65% |         515      0.15%     99.80% |         677      0.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       336265                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      1.47%      1.47% |           3      4.41%      5.88% |           2      2.94%      8.82% |           2      2.94%     11.76% |           3      4.41%     16.18% |           4      5.88%     22.06% |           2      2.94%     25.00% |           2      2.94%     27.94% |           2      2.94%     30.88% |           2      2.94%     33.82% |           2      2.94%     36.76% |           2      2.94%     39.71% |           2      2.94%     42.65% |           2      2.94%     45.59% |           2      2.94%     48.53% |           3      4.41%     52.94% |           2      2.94%     55.88% |           2      2.94%     58.82% |           2      2.94%     61.76% |           2      2.94%     64.71% |           2      2.94%     67.65% |           2      2.94%     70.59% |           2      2.94%     73.53% |           2      2.94%     76.47% |           2      2.94%     79.41% |           2      2.94%     82.35% |           2      2.94%     85.29% |           2      2.94%     88.24% |           2      2.94%     91.18% |           6      8.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           68                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          13      0.33%      0.33% |           0      0.00%      0.33% |           2      0.05%      0.38% |         165      4.15%      4.53% |         133      3.35%      7.87% |         165      4.15%     12.02% |         164      4.12%     16.15% |         165      4.15%     20.30% |         132      3.32%     23.62% |         132      3.32%     26.94% |         132      3.32%     30.26% |         132      3.32%     33.58% |         132      3.32%     36.90% |         132      3.32%     40.22% |         132      3.32%     43.54% |         132      3.32%     46.86% |         132      3.32%     50.18% |         132      3.32%     53.50% |         132      3.32%     56.82% |         132      3.32%     60.14% |         132      3.32%     63.46% |         132      3.32%     66.78% |         132      3.32%     70.10% |         132      3.32%     73.42% |         132      3.32%     76.74% |         132      3.32%     80.06% |         132      3.32%     83.38% |         132      3.32%     86.70% |         132      3.32%     90.02% |         132      3.32%     93.34% |         132      3.32%     96.65% |         133      3.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         3976                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         103    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          103                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      154573     19.40%     19.40% |          63      0.01%     19.41% |       26684      3.35%     22.76% |       22600      2.84%     25.60% |       20064      2.52%     28.11% |       20414      2.56%     30.68% |       25249      3.17%     33.85% |       25253      3.17%     37.02% |       19935      2.50%     39.52% |       19936      2.50%     42.02% |       19931      2.50%     44.52% |       19931      2.50%     47.02% |       19932      2.50%     49.53% |       19932      2.50%     52.03% |       19931      2.50%     54.53% |       22256      2.79%     57.32% |       26901      3.38%     60.70% |       27096      3.40%     64.10% |       19931      2.50%     66.60% |       22253      2.79%     69.40% |       19932      2.50%     71.90% |       19930      2.50%     74.40% |       19932      2.50%     76.90% |       19928      2.50%     79.40% |       19933      2.50%     81.90% |       19932      2.50%     84.41% |       19932      2.50%     86.91% |       19928      2.50%     89.41% |       19932      2.50%     91.91% |       19933      2.50%     94.41% |       19930      2.50%     96.91% |       24584      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       796691                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           2      0.04%      0.04% |          13      0.28%      0.33% |        3861     84.17%     84.50% |          34      0.74%     85.24% |          21      0.46%     85.70% |          36      0.78%     86.48% |          34      0.74%     87.22% |          35      0.76%     87.99% |          21      0.46%     88.45% |          22      0.48%     88.93% |          22      0.48%     89.40% |          23      0.50%     89.91% |          22      0.48%     90.39% |          21      0.46%     90.84% |          22      0.48%     91.32% |          21      0.46%     91.78% |          26      0.57%     92.35% |          31      0.68%     93.02% |          25      0.55%     93.57% |          23      0.50%     94.07% |          25      0.55%     94.62% |          22      0.48%     95.09% |          22      0.48%     95.57% |          26      0.57%     96.14% |          22      0.48%     96.62% |          22      0.48%     97.10% |          21      0.46%     97.56% |          28      0.61%     98.17% |          21      0.46%     98.63% |          26      0.57%     99.19% |          23      0.50%     99.69% |          14      0.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total         4587                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      124610     97.66%     97.66% |           0      0.00%     97.66% |         110      0.09%     97.75% |          96      0.08%     97.83% |          85      0.07%     97.89% |          88      0.07%     97.96% |         116      0.09%     98.05% |         111      0.09%     98.14% |         118      0.09%     98.23% |          91      0.07%     98.30% |          90      0.07%     98.37% |          95      0.07%     98.45% |          92      0.07%     98.52% |          94      0.07%     98.59% |          96      0.08%     98.67% |          99      0.08%     98.75% |         106      0.08%     98.83% |         115      0.09%     98.92% |          90      0.07%     98.99% |         101      0.08%     99.07% |          92      0.07%     99.14% |          85      0.07%     99.21% |          82      0.06%     99.27% |          94      0.07%     99.35% |          83      0.07%     99.41% |          98      0.08%     99.49% |         112      0.09%     99.58% |         109      0.09%     99.66% |         107      0.08%     99.74% |         106      0.08%     99.83% |         103      0.08%     99.91% |         117      0.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       127591                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          13    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           13                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          62     95.38%     95.38% |           0      0.00%     95.38% |           0      0.00%     95.38% |           0      0.00%     95.38% |           0      0.00%     95.38% |           0      0.00%     95.38% |           0      0.00%     95.38% |           0      0.00%     95.38% |           0      0.00%     95.38% |           0      0.00%     95.38% |           0      0.00%     95.38% |           0      0.00%     95.38% |           0      0.00%     95.38% |           0      0.00%     95.38% |           0      0.00%     95.38% |           1      1.54%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           2      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total           65                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      286072     96.41%     96.41% |           0      0.00%     96.41% |        8144      2.74%     99.16% |         110      0.04%     99.20% |          80      0.03%     99.22% |         113      0.04%     99.26% |         121      0.04%     99.30% |         115      0.04%     99.34% |         100      0.03%     99.37% |          75      0.03%     99.40% |          79      0.03%     99.43% |          75      0.03%     99.45% |          75      0.03%     99.48% |          75      0.03%     99.50% |          75      0.03%     99.53% |          84      0.03%     99.56% |          85      0.03%     99.58% |          77      0.03%     99.61% |          83      0.03%     99.64% |          86      0.03%     99.67% |          75      0.03%     99.69% |          81      0.03%     99.72% |          82      0.03%     99.75% |          75      0.03%     99.77% |          99      0.03%     99.81% |          81      0.03%     99.83% |          78      0.03%     99.86% |          85      0.03%     99.89% |          81      0.03%     99.92% |          75      0.03%     99.94% |          93      0.03%     99.97% |          81      0.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       296710                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          92     42.20%     42.20% |           5      2.29%     44.50% |           4      1.83%     46.33% |           6      2.75%     49.08% |           6      2.75%     51.83% |           7      3.21%     55.05% |           4      1.83%     56.88% |           4      1.83%     58.72% |           4      1.83%     60.55% |           5      2.29%     62.84% |           4      1.83%     64.68% |           4      1.83%     66.51% |           4      1.83%     68.35% |           4      1.83%     70.18% |           5      2.29%     72.48% |           4      1.83%     74.31% |           4      1.83%     76.15% |           4      1.83%     77.98% |           4      1.83%     79.82% |           4      1.83%     81.65% |           4      1.83%     83.49% |           4      1.83%     85.32% |           4      1.83%     87.16% |           4      1.83%     88.99% |           4      1.83%     90.83% |           4      1.83%     92.66% |           4      1.83%     94.50% |           4      1.83%     96.33% |           4      1.83%     98.17% |           4      1.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total          218                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          21      9.68%      9.68% |           0      0.00%      9.68% |          67     30.88%     40.55% |           5      2.30%     42.86% |           4      1.84%     44.70% |           6      2.76%     47.47% |           6      2.76%     50.23% |           7      3.23%     53.46% |           4      1.84%     55.30% |           4      1.84%     57.14% |           4      1.84%     58.99% |           5      2.30%     61.29% |           4      1.84%     63.13% |           4      1.84%     64.98% |           4      1.84%     66.82% |           4      1.84%     68.66% |           5      2.30%     70.97% |           5      2.30%     73.27% |           4      1.84%     75.12% |           4      1.84%     76.96% |           4      1.84%     78.80% |           4      1.84%     80.65% |           4      1.84%     82.49% |           4      1.84%     84.33% |           4      1.84%     86.18% |           4      1.84%     88.02% |           4      1.84%     89.86% |           4      1.84%     91.71% |           4      1.84%     93.55% |           4      1.84%     95.39% |           4      1.84%     97.24% |           6      2.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total          217                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |         945    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total          945                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          64    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           64                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        1490    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         1490                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           1      0.57%      0.57% |           0      0.00%      0.57% |           3      1.70%      2.27% |           0      0.00%      2.27% |           7      3.98%      6.25% |           8      4.55%     10.80% |           0      0.00%     10.80% |           2      1.14%     11.93% |           5      2.84%     14.77% |           1      0.57%     15.34% |           9      5.11%     20.45% |           0      0.00%     20.45% |           3      1.70%     22.16% |           1      0.57%     22.73% |           1      0.57%     23.30% |          15      8.52%     31.82% |           6      3.41%     35.23% |          14      7.95%     43.18% |           8      4.55%     47.73% |           7      3.98%     51.70% |          10      5.68%     57.39% |           3      1.70%     59.09% |           8      4.55%     63.64% |          27     15.34%     78.98% |           2      1.14%     80.11% |           1      0.57%     80.68% |           4      2.27%     82.95% |          14      7.95%     90.91% |          11      6.25%     97.16% |           0      0.00%     97.16% |           1      0.57%     97.73% |           4      2.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total          176                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      438168     41.46%     41.46% |           0      0.00%     41.46% |       34034      3.22%     44.68% |       21401      2.02%     46.71% |       18833      1.78%     48.49% |       19088      1.81%     50.29% |       24070      2.28%     52.57% |       24193      2.29%     54.86% |       18967      1.79%     56.65% |       19030      1.80%     58.46% |       18901      1.79%     60.24% |       19032      1.80%     62.04% |       18829      1.78%     63.83% |       18837      1.78%     65.61% |       18955      1.79%     67.40% |       21035      1.99%     69.39% |       25977      2.46%     71.85% |       26217      2.48%     74.33% |       18627      1.76%     76.09% |       21177      2.00%     78.10% |       19132      1.81%     79.91% |       18904      1.79%     81.70% |       18706      1.77%     83.47% |       18978      1.80%     85.26% |       19046      1.80%     87.06% |       19010      1.80%     88.86% |       18882      1.79%     90.65% |       19029      1.80%     92.45% |       18718      1.77%     94.22% |       18751      1.77%     96.00% |       18674      1.77%     97.76% |       23643      2.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1056844                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           1      0.56%      0.56% |           0      0.00%      0.56% |           3      1.68%      2.23% |           0      0.00%      2.23% |           7      3.91%      6.15% |           8      4.47%     10.61% |           0      0.00%     10.61% |           2      1.12%     11.73% |           5      2.79%     14.53% |           1      0.56%     15.08% |           9      5.03%     20.11% |           1      0.56%     20.67% |           3      1.68%     22.35% |           1      0.56%     22.91% |           1      0.56%     23.46% |          15      8.38%     31.84% |           6      3.35%     35.20% |          14      7.82%     43.02% |           8      4.47%     47.49% |           7      3.91%     51.40% |          10      5.59%     56.98% |           3      1.68%     58.66% |           8      4.47%     63.13% |          27     15.08%     78.21% |           3      1.68%     79.89% |           1      0.56%     80.45% |           4      2.23%     82.68% |          14      7.82%     90.50% |          12      6.70%     97.21% |           0      0.00%     97.21% |           1      0.56%     97.77% |           4      2.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total          179                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3855      3.11%      3.11% |        3783      3.05%      6.16% |        3479      2.80%      8.96% |        3497      2.82%     11.78% |        3590      2.89%     14.67% |        3969      3.20%     17.87% |        3754      3.03%     20.90% |        3265      2.63%     23.53% |        3524      2.84%     26.37% |        5144      4.15%     30.52% |        3903      3.15%     33.67% |        3818      3.08%     36.74% |        3481      2.81%     39.55% |        4340      3.50%     43.05% |        3898      3.14%     46.19% |        3740      3.01%     49.21% |        4159      3.35%     52.56% |        4177      3.37%     55.93% |        3551      2.86%     58.79% |        3262      2.63%     61.42% |        3088      2.49%     63.91% |        3713      2.99%     66.90% |        3533      2.85%     69.75% |        3403      2.74%     72.49% |        3642      2.94%     75.43% |        3743      3.02%     78.45% |        3283      2.65%     81.09% |        4736      3.82%     84.91% |        3955      3.19%     88.10% |        5236      4.22%     92.32% |        5072      4.09%     96.41% |        4456      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       124049                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       65161      8.09%      8.09% |       24920      3.10%     11.19% |       23775      2.95%     14.14% |       24549      3.05%     17.19% |       23812      2.96%     20.15% |       23512      2.92%     23.07% |       23087      2.87%     25.94% |       23169      2.88%     28.82% |       24566      3.05%     31.87% |       23663      2.94%     34.81% |       25075      3.11%     37.92% |       24540      3.05%     40.97% |       23547      2.93%     43.90% |       23277      2.89%     46.79% |       22835      2.84%     49.62% |       23207      2.88%     52.51% |       25153      3.12%     55.63% |       23896      2.97%     58.60% |       24094      2.99%     61.59% |       24097      2.99%     64.59% |       23665      2.94%     67.53% |       23619      2.93%     70.46% |       23526      2.92%     73.38% |       23289      2.89%     76.28% |       24401      3.03%     79.31% |       23613      2.93%     82.24% |       23352      2.90%     85.14% |       22926      2.85%     87.99% |       23513      2.92%     90.91% |       23069      2.87%     93.78% |       23842      2.96%     96.74% |       26264      3.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       805014                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       14709      4.96%      4.96% |        8842      2.98%      7.94% |        9241      3.11%     11.05% |        8685      2.93%     13.97% |        9396      3.17%     17.14% |        8850      2.98%     20.12% |        8959      3.02%     23.14% |        8618      2.90%     26.04% |        9456      3.19%     29.23% |        8758      2.95%     32.18% |        9303      3.13%     35.32% |        8685      2.93%     38.24% |        9218      3.11%     41.35% |        8532      2.87%     44.22% |        9043      3.05%     47.27% |        8578      2.89%     50.16% |        9214      3.10%     53.26% |        8627      2.91%     56.17% |        9340      3.15%     59.32% |        8875      2.99%     62.31% |        9430      3.18%     65.49% |        8936      3.01%     68.50% |        9564      3.22%     71.72% |        8812      2.97%     74.69% |        9316      3.14%     77.83% |        8793      2.96%     80.79% |        9557      3.22%     84.01% |        8991      3.03%     87.04% |        9718      3.27%     90.31% |        8902      3.00%     93.31% |       10500      3.54%     96.85% |        9348      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       296796                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |         133     87.50%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      0.66%     88.16% |           1      0.66%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           2      1.32%     90.13% |           1      0.66%     90.79% |           0      0.00%     90.79% |           0      0.00%     90.79% |           7      4.61%     95.39% |           1      0.66%     96.05% |           0      0.00%     96.05% |           0      0.00%     96.05% |           0      0.00%     96.05% |           0      0.00%     96.05% |           0      0.00%     96.05% |           0      0.00%     96.05% |           1      0.66%     96.71% |           0      0.00%     96.71% |           2      1.32%     98.03% |           1      0.66%     98.68% |           1      0.66%     99.34% |           1      0.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total          152                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       75922      7.18%      7.18% |       32297      3.06%     10.24% |       31582      2.99%     13.23% |       31764      3.01%     16.23% |       31993      3.03%     19.26% |       30913      2.93%     22.19% |       30869      2.92%     25.11% |       30572      2.89%     28.00% |       32547      3.08%     31.08% |       31238      2.96%     34.03% |       33149      3.14%     37.17% |       31998      3.03%     40.20% |       31576      2.99%     43.19% |       30624      2.90%     46.08% |       30653      2.90%     48.98% |       30548      2.89%     51.88% |       32823      3.11%     54.98% |       30937      2.93%     57.91% |       31809      3.01%     60.92% |       31364      2.97%     63.89% |       31830      3.01%     66.90% |       31282      2.96%     69.86% |       31817      3.01%     72.87% |       30798      2.91%     75.78% |       32227      3.05%     78.83% |       31173      2.95%     81.78% |       31688      3.00%     84.78% |       30657      2.90%     87.68% |       32015      3.03%     90.71% |       30746      2.91%     93.62% |       33114      3.13%     96.75% |       34325      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1056850                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |          10      2.84%      2.84% |           4      1.14%      3.98% |          14      3.98%      7.95% |          12      3.41%     11.36% |          16      4.55%     15.91% |          10      2.84%     18.75% |          14      3.98%     22.73% |          10      2.84%     25.57% |          14      3.98%     29.55% |           6      1.70%     31.25% |           8      2.27%     33.52% |           6      1.70%     35.23% |           6      1.70%     36.93% |          10      2.84%     39.77% |           8      2.27%     42.05% |          10      2.84%     44.89% |          16      4.55%     49.43% |          10      2.84%     52.27% |          10      2.84%     55.11% |          12      3.41%     58.52% |          12      3.41%     61.93% |           8      2.27%     64.20% |           8      2.27%     66.48% |          10      2.84%     69.32% |          14      3.98%     73.30% |          20      5.68%     78.98% |          16      4.55%     83.52% |          12      3.41%     86.93% |           8      2.27%     89.20% |          12      3.41%     92.61% |          14      3.98%     96.59% |          12      3.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total          352                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        9385      4.33%      4.33% |        6737      3.11%      7.44% |        6755      3.12%     10.55% |        6746      3.11%     13.67% |        6725      3.10%     16.77% |        6737      3.11%     19.88% |        6746      3.11%     22.99% |        6735      3.11%     26.10% |        6603      3.05%     29.14% |        6732      3.11%     32.25% |        6732      3.11%     35.36% |        6732      3.11%     38.46% |        6719      3.10%     41.56% |        6722      3.10%     44.66% |        6716      3.10%     47.76% |        6717      3.10%     50.86% |        6534      3.01%     53.87% |        6673      3.08%     56.95% |        6692      3.09%     60.04% |        6680      3.08%     63.12% |        6678      3.08%     66.20% |        6700      3.09%     69.29% |        6686      3.08%     72.38% |        6682      3.08%     75.46% |        6565      3.03%     78.49% |        6669      3.08%     81.57% |        6670      3.08%     84.64% |        6663      3.07%     87.72% |        6670      3.08%     90.80% |        6652      3.07%     93.86% |        6651      3.07%     96.93% |        6647      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       216751                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       20531      3.32%      3.32% |       19273      3.11%      6.43% |       19307      3.12%      9.55% |       19283      3.12%     12.66% |       19277      3.11%     15.78% |       19228      3.11%     18.89% |       19223      3.11%     21.99% |       19268      3.11%     25.10% |       19403      3.13%     28.24% |       19283      3.12%     31.35% |       19322      3.12%     34.47% |       19292      3.12%     37.59% |       19297      3.12%     40.71% |       19278      3.11%     43.82% |       19273      3.11%     46.94% |       19277      3.11%     50.05% |       19494      3.15%     53.20% |       19339      3.12%     56.32% |       19297      3.12%     59.44% |       19297      3.12%     62.56% |       19281      3.11%     65.67% |       19266      3.11%     68.79% |       19268      3.11%     71.90% |       19286      3.12%     75.02% |       19452      3.14%     78.16% |       19339      3.12%     81.28% |       19321      3.12%     84.40% |       19306      3.12%     87.52% |       19294      3.12%     90.64% |       19312      3.12%     93.76% |       19294      3.12%     96.88% |       19338      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       618999                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       31032      3.57%      3.57% |       27060      3.11%      6.68% |       27109      3.12%      9.80% |       27077      3.11%     12.92% |       27049      3.11%     16.03% |       27012      3.11%     19.13% |       27017      3.11%     22.24% |       27051      3.11%     25.35% |       27054      3.11%     28.47% |       27063      3.11%     31.58% |       27101      3.12%     34.70% |       27072      3.11%     37.81% |       27063      3.11%     40.92% |       27047      3.11%     44.03% |       27036      3.11%     47.14% |       27041      3.11%     50.25% |       27074      3.11%     53.37% |       27060      3.11%     56.48% |       27037      3.11%     59.59% |       27025      3.11%     62.70% |       27007      3.11%     65.81% |       27015      3.11%     68.91% |       27002      3.11%     72.02% |       27015      3.11%     75.13% |       27064      3.11%     78.24% |       27057      3.11%     81.35% |       27040      3.11%     84.46% |       27015      3.11%     87.57% |       27011      3.11%     90.68% |       27012      3.11%     93.79% |       26993      3.10%     96.89% |       27033      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       869344                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       30008      3.59%      3.59% |       26036      3.11%      6.70% |       26085      3.12%      9.82% |       26053      3.11%     12.93% |       26025      3.11%     16.04% |       25988      3.11%     19.15% |       25993      3.11%     22.26% |       26027      3.11%     25.37% |       26030      3.11%     28.48% |       26039      3.11%     31.59% |       26077      3.12%     34.71% |       26048      3.11%     37.82% |       26039      3.11%     40.93% |       26023      3.11%     44.05% |       26012      3.11%     47.15% |       26017      3.11%     50.26% |       26051      3.11%     53.38% |       26036      3.11%     56.49% |       26013      3.11%     59.60% |       26001      3.11%     62.71% |       25983      3.11%     65.81% |       25991      3.11%     68.92% |       25978      3.11%     72.03% |       25991      3.11%     75.13% |       26040      3.11%     78.25% |       26033      3.11%     81.36% |       26016      3.11%     84.47% |       25991      3.11%     87.57% |       25987      3.11%     90.68% |       25988      3.11%     93.79% |       25969      3.10%     96.89% |       26009      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       836577                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |         411      6.81%      6.81% |         130      2.15%      8.97% |         132      2.19%     11.15% |         130      2.15%     13.31% |         146      2.42%     15.73% |         144      2.39%     18.11% |         125      2.07%     20.19% |         130      2.15%     22.34% |         286      4.74%     27.08% |         145      2.40%     29.48% |         149      2.47%     31.95% |         146      2.42%     34.37% |         149      2.47%     36.84% |         142      2.35%     39.19% |         146      2.42%     41.61% |         145      2.40%     44.02% |         361      5.98%     50.00% |         190      3.15%     53.15% |         191      3.17%     56.31% |         189      3.13%     59.45% |         186      3.08%     62.53% |         188      3.12%     65.64% |         187      3.10%     68.74% |         187      3.10%     71.84% |         315      5.22%     77.06% |         199      3.30%     80.36% |         196      3.25%     83.61% |         198      3.28%     86.89% |         198      3.28%     90.17% |         198      3.28%     93.45% |         201      3.33%     96.78% |         194      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total         6034                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |         591     76.46%     76.46% |           6      0.78%     77.23% |           8      1.03%     78.27% |           7      0.91%     79.17% |           8      1.03%     80.21% |           5      0.65%     80.85% |           7      0.91%     81.76% |           5      0.65%     82.41% |           7      0.91%     83.31% |           3      0.39%     83.70% |           4      0.52%     84.22% |           3      0.39%     84.61% |           3      0.39%     84.99% |           5      0.65%     85.64% |           5      0.65%     86.29% |           5      0.65%     86.93% |           5      0.65%     87.58% |          10      1.29%     88.87% |           9      1.16%     90.04% |           9      1.16%     91.20% |           3      0.39%     91.59% |           3      0.39%     91.98% |           3      0.39%     92.37% |           4      0.52%     92.88% |           8      1.03%     93.92% |          10      1.29%     95.21% |           8      1.03%     96.25% |           6      0.78%     97.02% |           4      0.52%     97.54% |           6      0.78%     98.32% |           7      0.91%     99.22% |           6      0.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total          773                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |         764     14.58%     14.58% |         211      4.03%     18.60% |         207      3.95%     22.55% |         207      3.95%     26.50% |         120      2.29%     28.79% |         120      2.29%     31.08% |         120      2.29%     33.37% |         120      2.29%     35.66% |         120      2.29%     37.95% |         120      2.29%     40.24% |         120      2.29%     42.53% |         120      2.29%     44.82% |         123      2.35%     47.17% |         120      2.29%     49.46% |         121      2.31%     51.76% |         120      2.29%     54.05% |         120      2.29%     56.34% |         280      5.34%     61.69% |         281      5.36%     67.05% |         281      5.36%     72.41% |         120      2.29%     74.70% |         120      2.29%     76.99% |         122      2.33%     79.32% |         120      2.29%     81.61% |         121      2.31%     83.92% |         121      2.31%     86.22% |         120      2.29%     88.51% |         120      2.29%     90.80% |         122      2.33%     93.13% |         120      2.29%     95.42% |         120      2.29%     97.71% |         120      2.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total         5241                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        1413      4.94%      4.94% |         824      2.88%      7.83% |         831      2.91%     10.74% |         857      3.00%     13.74% |         844      2.95%     16.69% |         829      2.90%     19.59% |         828      2.90%     22.49% |         878      3.07%     25.56% |         970      3.39%     28.96% |         831      2.91%     31.86% |         877      3.07%     34.93% |         892      3.12%     38.05% |         878      3.07%     41.13% |         867      3.03%     44.16% |         858      3.00%     47.16% |         891      3.12%     50.28% |         998      3.49%     53.77% |         890      3.11%     56.89% |         855      2.99%     59.88% |         877      3.07%     62.95% |         871      3.05%     66.00% |         880      3.08%     69.08% |         868      3.04%     72.12% |         907      3.17%     75.29% |        1014      3.55%     78.84% |         867      3.03%     81.87% |         863      3.02%     84.89% |         874      3.06%     87.95% |         833      2.92%     90.87% |         864      3.02%     93.89% |         851      2.98%     96.87% |         895      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        28575                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |         830     18.09%     18.09% |         126      2.75%     20.84% |         121      2.64%     23.48% |         121      2.64%     26.12% |         120      2.62%     28.73% |         120      2.62%     31.35% |         120      2.62%     33.97% |         120      2.62%     36.58% |         120      2.62%     39.20% |         120      2.62%     41.81% |         120      2.62%     44.43% |         120      2.62%     47.05% |         124      2.70%     49.75% |         120      2.62%     52.37% |         121      2.64%     55.00% |         120      2.62%     57.62% |         121      2.64%     60.26% |         126      2.75%     63.00% |         126      2.75%     65.75% |         125      2.73%     68.48% |         120      2.62%     71.09% |         120      2.62%     73.71% |         122      2.66%     76.37% |         120      2.62%     78.98% |         121      2.64%     81.62% |         121      2.64%     84.26% |         120      2.62%     86.88% |         120      2.62%     89.49% |         122      2.66%     92.15% |         120      2.62%     94.77% |         120      2.62%     97.38% |         120      2.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total         4587                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       77786      7.11%      7.11% |       33343      3.05%     10.16% |       32621      2.98%     13.14% |       32833      3.00%     16.15% |       33055      3.02%     19.17% |       31977      2.92%     22.09% |       31912      2.92%     25.01% |       31661      2.90%     27.91% |       33896      3.10%     31.01% |       32300      2.95%     33.96% |       34241      3.13%     37.09% |       33101      3.03%     40.12% |       32640      2.98%     43.10% |       31688      2.90%     46.00% |       31720      2.90%     48.90% |       31650      2.89%     51.79% |       34237      3.13%     54.92% |       32065      2.93%     57.86% |       32924      3.01%     60.87% |       32523      2.97%     63.84% |       32974      3.02%     66.86% |       32420      2.96%     69.82% |       32958      3.01%     72.83% |       31979      2.92%     75.76% |       33591      3.07%     78.83% |       32284      2.95%     81.78% |       32788      3.00%     84.78% |       31789      2.91%     87.69% |       33108      3.03%     90.71% |       31850      2.91%     93.63% |       34220      3.13%     96.76% |       35484      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1093618                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.11%     11.11% |          52      3.14%     14.25% |          46      2.78%     17.03% |          48      2.90%     19.93% |          46      2.78%     22.71% |          46      2.78%     25.48% |          48      2.90%     28.38% |          48      2.90%     31.28% |          48      2.90%     34.18% |          48      2.90%     37.08% |          46      2.78%     39.86% |          48      2.90%     42.75% |          46      2.78%     45.53% |          46      2.78%     48.31% |          46      2.78%     51.09% |          46      2.78%     53.86% |          46      2.78%     56.64% |          48      2.90%     59.54% |          48      2.90%     62.44% |          48      2.90%     65.34% |          48      2.90%     68.24% |          50      3.02%     71.26% |          48      2.90%     74.15% |          46      2.78%     76.93% |          46      2.78%     79.71% |          50      3.02%     82.73% |          50      3.02%     85.75% |          46      2.78%     88.53% |          46      2.78%     91.30% |          48      2.90%     94.20% |          48      2.90%     97.10% |          48      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1656                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         428      3.23%      3.23% |         382      2.88%      6.11% |         403      3.04%      9.14% |         399      3.01%     12.15% |         419      3.16%     15.31% |         392      2.95%     18.26% |         398      3.00%     21.26% |         413      3.11%     24.38% |         398      3.00%     27.38% |         401      3.02%     30.40% |         422      3.18%     33.58% |         422      3.18%     36.76% |         449      3.38%     40.15% |         436      3.29%     43.43% |         425      3.20%     46.64% |         426      3.21%     49.85% |         432      3.26%     53.11% |         438      3.30%     56.41% |         413      3.11%     59.52% |         391      2.95%     62.47% |         398      3.00%     65.47% |         413      3.11%     68.58% |         395      2.98%     71.56% |         399      3.01%     74.57% |         433      3.26%     77.83% |         431      3.25%     81.08% |         435      3.28%     84.36% |         414      3.12%     87.48% |         405      3.05%     90.53% |         431      3.25%     93.78% |         421      3.17%     96.95% |         404      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        13266                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       24586      3.69%      3.69% |       20747      3.12%      6.81% |       20769      3.12%      9.93% |       20730      3.11%     13.04% |       20683      3.11%     16.15% |       20671      3.10%     19.25% |       20679      3.11%     22.36% |       20711      3.11%     25.47% |       20693      3.11%     28.57% |       20718      3.11%     31.69% |       20750      3.12%     34.80% |       20701      3.11%     37.91% |       20677      3.11%     41.02% |       20677      3.11%     44.12% |       20679      3.11%     47.23% |       20683      3.11%     50.33% |       20687      3.11%     53.44% |       20678      3.11%     56.54% |       20679      3.11%     59.65% |       20697      3.11%     62.76% |       20666      3.10%     65.86% |       20650      3.10%     68.96% |       20675      3.10%     72.07% |       20676      3.11%     75.17% |       20679      3.11%     78.28% |       20683      3.11%     81.39% |       20654      3.10%     84.49% |       20663      3.10%     87.59% |       20667      3.10%     90.69% |       20639      3.10%     93.79% |       20626      3.10%     96.89% |       20702      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       665875                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        6018      3.16%      3.16% |        5931      3.12%      6.28% |        5937      3.12%      9.40% |        5948      3.13%     12.53% |        5947      3.13%     15.66% |        5949      3.13%     18.79% |        5940      3.12%     21.91% |        5927      3.12%     25.02% |        5963      3.14%     28.16% |        5944      3.13%     31.28% |        5929      3.12%     34.40% |        5949      3.13%     37.53% |        5937      3.12%     40.65% |        5934      3.12%     43.77% |        5932      3.12%     46.89% |        5932      3.12%     50.01% |        5955      3.13%     53.14% |        5944      3.13%     56.26% |        5945      3.13%     59.39% |        5937      3.12%     62.51% |        5943      3.12%     65.64% |        5952      3.13%     68.76% |        5932      3.12%     71.88% |        5940      3.12%     75.01% |        5952      3.13%     78.14% |        5943      3.12%     81.26% |        5951      3.13%     84.39% |        5939      3.12%     87.51% |        5939      3.12%     90.63% |        5942      3.12%     93.76% |        5946      3.13%     96.88% |        5927      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       190204                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |           5      2.84%      2.84% |           2      1.14%      3.98% |           7      3.98%      7.95% |           6      3.41%     11.36% |           8      4.55%     15.91% |           5      2.84%     18.75% |           7      3.98%     22.73% |           5      2.84%     25.57% |           7      3.98%     29.55% |           3      1.70%     31.25% |           4      2.27%     33.52% |           3      1.70%     35.23% |           3      1.70%     36.93% |           5      2.84%     39.77% |           4      2.27%     42.05% |           5      2.84%     44.89% |           8      4.55%     49.43% |           5      2.84%     52.27% |           5      2.84%     55.11% |           6      3.41%     58.52% |           6      3.41%     61.93% |           4      2.27%     64.20% |           4      2.27%     66.48% |           5      2.84%     69.32% |           7      3.98%     73.30% |          10      5.68%     78.98% |           8      4.55%     83.52% |           6      3.41%     86.93% |           4      2.27%     89.20% |           6      3.41%     92.61% |           7      3.98%     96.59% |           6      3.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total          176                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3421      3.09%      3.09% |        3392      3.07%      6.16% |        3072      2.78%      8.93% |        3091      2.79%     11.73% |        3169      2.86%     14.59% |        3570      3.23%     17.82% |        3352      3.03%     20.85% |        2852      2.58%     23.42% |        3126      2.83%     26.25% |        4741      4.28%     30.53% |        3479      3.14%     33.68% |        3394      3.07%     36.75% |        3020      2.73%     39.48% |        3904      3.53%     43.00% |        3469      3.14%     46.14% |        3312      2.99%     49.13% |        3726      3.37%     52.50% |        3739      3.38%     55.88% |        3126      2.83%     58.70% |        2866      2.59%     61.29% |        2682      2.42%     63.72% |        3298      2.98%     66.70% |        3136      2.83%     69.53% |        3002      2.71%     72.25% |        3205      2.90%     75.14% |        3311      2.99%     78.14% |        2845      2.57%     80.71% |        4320      3.90%     84.61% |        3545      3.20%     87.82% |        4793      4.33%     92.15% |        4645      4.20%     96.35% |        4044      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110647                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1365     38.93%     38.93% |         286      8.16%     47.09% |         242      6.90%     53.99% |         254      7.24%     61.24% |          14      0.40%     61.64% |         248      7.07%     68.71% |          14      0.40%     69.11% |           5      0.14%     69.25% |           3      0.09%     69.34% |           1      0.03%     69.37% |          16      0.46%     69.82% |           4      0.11%     69.94% |           1      0.03%     69.97% |           1      0.03%     69.99% |          39      1.11%     71.11% |          16      0.46%     71.56% |           9      0.26%     71.82% |         290      8.27%     80.09% |         343      9.78%     89.87% |         295      8.41%     98.29% |           1      0.03%     98.32% |          15      0.43%     98.75% |          10      0.29%     99.03% |           2      0.06%     99.09% |           5      0.14%     99.23% |           1      0.03%     99.26% |           2      0.06%     99.32% |           8      0.23%     99.54% |           3      0.09%     99.63% |           2      0.06%     99.69% |           3      0.09%     99.77% |           8      0.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         3506                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |          68     69.39%     69.39% |           6      6.12%     75.51% |           2      2.04%     77.55% |           5      5.10%     82.65% |           0      0.00%     82.65% |           1      1.02%     83.67% |           1      1.02%     84.69% |           0      0.00%     84.69% |           0      0.00%     84.69% |           1      1.02%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           5      5.10%     90.82% |           0      0.00%     90.82% |           0      0.00%     90.82% |           0      0.00%     90.82% |           0      0.00%     90.82% |           0      0.00%     90.82% |           3      3.06%     93.88% |           1      1.02%     94.90% |           0      0.00%     94.90% |           0      0.00%     94.90% |           0      0.00%     94.90% |           0      0.00%     94.90% |           1      1.02%     95.92% |           0      0.00%     95.92% |           1      1.02%     96.94% |           1      1.02%     97.96% |           2      2.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           98                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |         133     87.50%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      0.66%     88.16% |           1      0.66%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           2      1.32%     90.13% |           1      0.66%     90.79% |           0      0.00%     90.79% |           0      0.00%     90.79% |           7      4.61%     95.39% |           1      0.66%     96.05% |           0      0.00%     96.05% |           0      0.00%     96.05% |           0      0.00%     96.05% |           0      0.00%     96.05% |           0      0.00%     96.05% |           0      0.00%     96.05% |           1      0.66%     96.71% |           0      0.00%     96.71% |           2      1.32%     98.03% |           1      0.66%     98.68% |           1      0.66%     99.34% |           1      0.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total          152                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |         119      3.07%      3.07% |         124      3.20%      6.27% |         121      3.12%      9.40% |         122      3.15%     12.55% |         120      3.10%     15.64% |         123      3.18%     18.82% |         120      3.10%     21.92% |         120      3.10%     25.01% |         120      3.10%     28.11% |         121      3.12%     31.23% |         120      3.10%     34.33% |         120      3.10%     37.43% |         125      3.23%     40.66% |         120      3.10%     43.75% |         122      3.15%     46.90% |         121      3.12%     50.03% |         120      3.10%     53.12% |         121      3.12%     56.25% |         122      3.15%     59.40% |         122      3.15%     62.55% |         120      3.10%     65.64% |         121      3.12%     68.77% |         122      3.15%     71.92% |         120      3.10%     75.01% |         121      3.12%     78.14% |         121      3.12%     81.26% |         120      3.10%     84.36% |         121      3.12%     87.48% |         124      3.20%     90.68% |         120      3.10%     93.78% |         120      3.10%     96.88% |         121      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total         3874                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         876      6.39%      6.39% |         385      2.81%      9.19% |         405      2.95%     12.15% |         399      2.91%     15.06% |         419      3.06%     18.11% |         394      2.87%     20.98% |         399      2.91%     23.89% |         412      3.00%     26.90% |         396      2.89%     29.78% |         399      2.91%     32.69% |         423      3.08%     35.78% |         424      3.09%     38.87% |         445      3.24%     42.11% |         435      3.17%     45.29% |         424      3.09%     48.38% |         425      3.10%     51.48% |         432      3.15%     54.63% |         440      3.21%     57.83% |         418      3.05%     60.88% |         396      2.89%     63.77% |         395      2.88%     66.65% |         412      3.00%     69.65% |         395      2.88%     72.53% |         399      2.91%     75.44% |         434      3.16%     78.61% |         431      3.14%     81.75% |         435      3.17%     84.92% |         413      3.01%     87.93% |         403      2.94%     90.87% |         430      3.14%     94.01% |         418      3.05%     97.05% |         404      2.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        13715                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           6      5.83%      5.83% |           9      8.74%     14.56% |           4      3.88%     18.45% |           7      6.80%     25.24% |           2      1.94%     27.18% |           7      6.80%     33.98% |           4      3.88%     37.86% |           0      0.00%     37.86% |           0      0.00%     37.86% |           2      1.94%     39.81% |           2      1.94%     41.75% |           2      1.94%     43.69% |           4      3.88%     47.57% |           0      0.00%     47.57% |           4      3.88%     51.46% |           2      1.94%     53.40% |           1      0.97%     54.37% |           0      0.00%     54.37% |          12     11.65%     66.02% |           5      4.85%     70.87% |           1      0.97%     71.84% |           2      1.94%     73.79% |           2      1.94%     75.73% |           2      1.94%     77.67% |           4      3.88%     81.55% |           1      0.97%     82.52% |           3      2.91%     85.44% |           2      1.94%     87.38% |           5      4.85%     92.23% |           3      2.91%     95.15% |           1      0.97%     96.12% |           4      3.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total          103                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       38360     29.32%     29.32% |        3754      2.87%     32.19% |        2613      2.00%     34.19% |        3420      2.61%     36.80% |        2990      2.29%     39.09% |        2463      1.88%     40.97% |        2274      1.74%     42.71% |        2332      1.78%     44.49% |        3747      2.86%     47.36% |        2824      2.16%     49.51% |        4188      3.20%     52.72% |        3715      2.84%     55.55% |        2745      2.10%     57.65% |        2479      1.89%     59.55% |        1996      1.53%     61.07% |        2388      1.83%     62.90% |        4336      3.31%     66.21% |        2760      2.11%     68.32% |        2899      2.22%     70.54% |        2951      2.26%     72.79% |        2878      2.20%     74.99% |        2834      2.17%     77.16% |        2719      2.08%     79.24% |        2491      1.90%     81.14% |        3596      2.75%     83.89% |        2808      2.15%     86.04% |        2576      1.97%     88.01% |        2135      1.63%     89.64% |        2721      2.08%     91.72% |        2308      1.76%     93.48% |        3093      2.36%     95.85% |        5433      4.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       130826                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        8490      8.28%      8.28% |        2781      2.71%     11.00% |        3178      3.10%     14.10% |        2608      2.54%     16.64% |        3311      3.23%     19.87% |        2769      2.70%     22.57% |        2894      2.82%     25.40% |        2567      2.50%     27.90% |        3369      3.29%     31.19% |        2689      2.62%     33.81% |        3250      3.17%     36.98% |        2612      2.55%     39.53% |        3152      3.08%     42.61% |        2474      2.41%     45.02% |        2987      2.91%     47.93% |        2522      2.46%     50.40% |        3135      3.06%     53.45% |        2559      2.50%     55.95% |        3268      3.19%     59.14% |        2813      2.74%     61.88% |        3363      3.28%     65.16% |        2860      2.79%     67.95% |        3508      3.42%     71.38% |        2748      2.68%     74.06% |        3239      3.16%     77.22% |        2726      2.66%     79.88% |        3481      3.40%     83.27% |        2927      2.86%     86.13% |        3653      3.56%     89.69% |        2836      2.77%     92.46% |        4430      4.32%     96.78% |        3297      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       102496                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        9263      4.35%      4.35% |        6608      3.11%      7.46% |        6629      3.12%     10.58% |        6621      3.11%     13.69% |        6602      3.10%     16.79% |        6609      3.11%     19.90% |        6621      3.11%     23.01% |        6612      3.11%     26.12% |        6479      3.05%     29.16% |        6610      3.11%     32.27% |        6609      3.11%     35.38% |        6610      3.11%     38.48% |        6592      3.10%     41.58% |        6600      3.10%     44.68% |        6590      3.10%     47.78% |        6591      3.10%     50.88% |        6411      3.01%     53.89% |        6550      3.08%     56.97% |        6568      3.09%     60.06% |        6555      3.08%     63.14% |        6555      3.08%     66.22% |        6575      3.09%     69.31% |        6560      3.08%     72.39% |        6555      3.08%     75.47% |        6440      3.03%     78.50% |        6545      3.08%     81.58% |        6546      3.08%     84.65% |        6538      3.07%     87.73% |        6540      3.07%     90.80% |        6527      3.07%     93.87% |        6524      3.07%     96.94% |        6519      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       212754                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       19124      3.23%      3.23% |       18568      3.14%      6.36% |       18583      3.14%      9.50% |       18535      3.13%     12.63% |       18522      3.13%     15.76% |       18498      3.12%     18.88% |       18508      3.12%     22.01% |       18498      3.12%     25.13% |       18384      3.10%     28.23% |       18546      3.13%     31.37% |       18535      3.13%     34.50% |       18493      3.12%     37.62% |       18518      3.13%     40.74% |       18506      3.12%     43.87% |       18511      3.13%     46.99% |       18482      3.12%     50.12% |       18374      3.10%     53.22% |       18498      3.12%     56.34% |       18492      3.12%     59.46% |       18472      3.12%     62.58% |       18464      3.12%     65.70% |       18440      3.11%     68.81% |       18458      3.12%     71.93% |       18435      3.11%     75.04% |       18361      3.10%     78.14% |       18508      3.12%     81.27% |       18498      3.12%     84.39% |       18473      3.12%     87.51% |       18511      3.13%     90.64% |       18489      3.12%     93.76% |       18482      3.12%     96.88% |       18491      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       592257                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          36      4.66%      4.66% |          26      3.37%      8.03% |          23      2.98%     11.01% |          24      3.11%     14.12% |          23      2.98%     17.10% |          23      2.98%     20.08% |          24      3.11%     23.19% |          24      3.11%     26.30% |          24      3.11%     29.40% |          24      3.11%     32.51% |          23      2.98%     35.49% |          24      3.11%     38.60% |          23      2.98%     41.58% |          23      2.98%     44.56% |          23      2.98%     47.54% |          23      2.98%     50.52% |          23      2.98%     53.50% |          24      3.11%     56.61% |          24      3.11%     59.72% |          24      3.11%     62.82% |          24      3.11%     65.93% |          25      3.24%     69.17% |          24      3.11%     72.28% |          23      2.98%     75.26% |          23      2.98%     78.24% |          25      3.24%     81.48% |          25      3.24%     84.72% |          23      2.98%     87.69% |          23      2.98%     90.67% |          24      3.11%     93.78% |          24      3.11%     96.89% |          24      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          772                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |         830     18.09%     18.09% |         126      2.75%     20.84% |         121      2.64%     23.48% |         121      2.64%     26.12% |         120      2.62%     28.73% |         120      2.62%     31.35% |         120      2.62%     33.97% |         120      2.62%     36.58% |         120      2.62%     39.20% |         120      2.62%     41.81% |         120      2.62%     44.43% |         120      2.62%     47.05% |         124      2.70%     49.75% |         120      2.62%     52.37% |         121      2.64%     55.00% |         120      2.62%     57.62% |         121      2.64%     60.26% |         126      2.75%     63.00% |         126      2.75%     65.75% |         125      2.73%     68.48% |         120      2.62%     71.09% |         120      2.62%     73.71% |         122      2.66%     76.37% |         120      2.62%     78.98% |         121      2.64%     81.62% |         121      2.64%     84.26% |         120      2.62%     86.88% |         120      2.62%     89.49% |         122      2.66%     92.15% |         120      2.62%     94.77% |         120      2.62%     97.38% |         120      2.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total         4587                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |         133      3.34%      3.34% |         124      3.12%      6.46% |         124      3.12%      9.58% |         124      3.12%     12.70% |         124      3.12%     15.82% |         124      3.12%     18.93% |         124      3.12%     22.05% |         124      3.12%     25.17% |         124      3.12%     28.29% |         124      3.12%     31.41% |         124      3.12%     34.52% |         124      3.12%     37.64% |         124      3.12%     40.76% |         124      3.12%     43.88% |         124      3.12%     47.00% |         124      3.12%     50.11% |         124      3.12%     53.23% |         124      3.12%     56.35% |         124      3.12%     59.47% |         124      3.12%     62.58% |         124      3.12%     65.70% |         124      3.12%     68.82% |         124      3.12%     71.94% |         124      3.12%     75.06% |         124      3.12%     78.17% |         124      3.12%     81.29% |         124      3.12%     84.41% |         124      3.12%     87.53% |         124      3.12%     90.65% |         124      3.12%     93.76% |         124      3.12%     96.88% |         124      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total         3977                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       75916      7.18%      7.18% |       32297      3.06%     10.24% |       31582      2.99%     13.23% |       31764      3.01%     16.23% |       31993      3.03%     19.26% |       30913      2.93%     22.19% |       30869      2.92%     25.11% |       30572      2.89%     28.00% |       32547      3.08%     31.08% |       31238      2.96%     34.03% |       33149      3.14%     37.17% |       31998      3.03%     40.20% |       31576      2.99%     43.19% |       30624      2.90%     46.08% |       30653      2.90%     48.98% |       30548      2.89%     51.88% |       32823      3.11%     54.98% |       30937      2.93%     57.91% |       31809      3.01%     60.92% |       31364      2.97%     63.89% |       31830      3.01%     66.90% |       31282      2.96%     69.86% |       31817      3.01%     72.87% |       30798      2.91%     75.78% |       32227      3.05%     78.83% |       31173      2.95%     81.78% |       31688      3.00%     84.78% |       30657      2.90%     87.68% |       32015      3.03%     90.71% |       30746      2.91%     93.62% |       33114      3.13%     96.75% |       34325      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1056844                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           3      2.44%      2.44% |           5      4.07%      6.50% |           5      4.07%     10.57% |           3      2.44%     13.01% |           3      2.44%     15.45% |           5      4.07%     19.51% |           5      4.07%     23.58% |           3      2.44%     26.02% |           4      3.25%     29.27% |           1      0.81%     30.08% |           3      2.44%     32.52% |           2      1.63%     34.15% |           2      1.63%     35.77% |           2      1.63%     37.40% |           4      3.25%     40.65% |           5      4.07%     44.72% |           3      2.44%     47.15% |           2      1.63%     48.78% |           2      1.63%     50.41% |           3      2.44%     52.85% |           3      2.44%     55.28% |           4      3.25%     58.54% |           4      3.25%     61.79% |           7      5.69%     67.48% |           4      3.25%     70.73% |           3      2.44%     73.17% |           4      3.25%     76.42% |           4      3.25%     79.67% |           6      4.88%     84.55% |           5      4.07%     88.62% |           7      5.69%     94.31% |           7      5.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          123                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |         531      4.08%      4.08% |         320      2.46%      6.53% |         319      2.45%      8.98% |         349      2.68%     11.66% |         336      2.58%     14.24% |         336      2.58%     16.82% |         316      2.43%     19.24% |         358      2.75%     21.99% |         623      4.78%     26.78% |         338      2.59%     29.37% |         364      2.79%     32.16% |         375      2.88%     35.04% |         334      2.56%     37.61% |         337      2.59%     40.19% |         338      2.59%     42.79% |         370      2.84%     45.63% |         688      5.28%     50.91% |         401      3.08%     53.99% |         387      2.97%     56.96% |         429      3.29%     60.25% |         422      3.24%     63.49% |         414      3.18%     66.67% |         415      3.19%     69.85% |         452      3.47%     73.32% |         657      5.04%     78.37% |         400      3.07%     81.44% |         388      2.98%     84.42% |         420      3.22%     87.64% |         380      2.92%     90.56% |         393      3.02%     93.57% |         394      3.02%     96.60% |         443      3.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total        13027                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           6     18.75%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           9     28.12%     71.88% |           5     15.62%     87.50% |           4     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           32                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           7     31.82%     31.82% |           1      4.55%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           1      4.55%     40.91% |           7     31.82%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           3     13.64%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           1      4.55%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           1      4.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5     83.33%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       30008      3.59%      3.59% |       26036      3.11%      6.70% |       26085      3.12%      9.82% |       26053      3.11%     12.93% |       26025      3.11%     16.04% |       25988      3.11%     19.15% |       25993      3.11%     22.26% |       26027      3.11%     25.37% |       26030      3.11%     28.48% |       26039      3.11%     31.59% |       26077      3.12%     34.71% |       26048      3.11%     37.82% |       26039      3.11%     40.93% |       26023      3.11%     44.05% |       26012      3.11%     47.15% |       26017      3.11%     50.26% |       26051      3.11%     53.38% |       26036      3.11%     56.49% |       26013      3.11%     59.60% |       26001      3.11%     62.71% |       25983      3.11%     65.81% |       25991      3.11%     68.92% |       25978      3.11%     72.03% |       25991      3.11%     75.13% |       26040      3.11%     78.25% |       26033      3.11%     81.36% |       26016      3.11%     84.47% |       25991      3.11%     87.57% |       25987      3.11%     90.68% |       25988      3.11%     93.79% |       25969      3.10%     96.89% |       26009      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       836577                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          36      4.66%      4.66% |          26      3.37%      8.03% |          23      2.98%     11.01% |          24      3.11%     14.12% |          23      2.98%     17.10% |          23      2.98%     20.08% |          24      3.11%     23.19% |          24      3.11%     26.30% |          24      3.11%     29.40% |          24      3.11%     32.51% |          23      2.98%     35.49% |          24      3.11%     38.60% |          23      2.98%     41.58% |          23      2.98%     44.56% |          23      2.98%     47.54% |          23      2.98%     50.52% |          23      2.98%     53.50% |          24      3.11%     56.61% |          24      3.11%     59.72% |          24      3.11%     62.82% |          24      3.11%     65.93% |          25      3.24%     69.17% |          24      3.11%     72.28% |          23      2.98%     75.26% |          23      2.98%     78.24% |          25      3.24%     81.48% |          25      3.24%     84.72% |          23      2.98%     87.69% |          23      2.98%     90.67% |          24      3.11%     93.78% |          24      3.11%     96.89% |          24      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          772                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          56     59.57%     59.57% |           2      2.13%     61.70% |           3      3.19%     64.89% |           1      1.06%     65.96% |           1      1.06%     67.02% |           1      1.06%     68.09% |           2      2.13%     70.21% |           0      0.00%     70.21% |           1      1.06%     71.28% |           0      0.00%     71.28% |           1      1.06%     72.34% |           1      1.06%     73.40% |           1      1.06%     74.47% |           0      0.00%     74.47% |           1      1.06%     75.53% |           0      0.00%     75.53% |           0      0.00%     75.53% |           0      0.00%     75.53% |           1      1.06%     76.60% |           0      0.00%     76.60% |           0      0.00%     76.60% |           2      2.13%     78.72% |           1      1.06%     79.79% |           2      2.13%     81.91% |           1      1.06%     82.98% |           1      1.06%     84.04% |           2      2.13%     86.17% |           2      2.13%     88.30% |           3      3.19%     91.49% |           3      3.19%     94.68% |           5      5.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           94                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      3.53%      3.53% |           3      3.53%      7.06% |           2      2.35%      9.41% |           2      2.35%     11.76% |           2      2.35%     14.12% |           4      4.71%     18.82% |           3      3.53%     22.35% |           3      3.53%     25.88% |           3      3.53%     29.41% |           1      1.18%     30.59% |           2      2.35%     32.94% |           1      1.18%     34.12% |           1      1.18%     35.29% |           2      2.35%     37.65% |           3      3.53%     41.18% |           5      5.88%     47.06% |           3      3.53%     50.59% |           2      2.35%     52.94% |           1      1.18%     54.12% |           3      3.53%     57.65% |           3      3.53%     61.18% |           2      2.35%     63.53% |           3      3.53%     67.06% |           5      5.88%     72.94% |           3      3.53%     76.47% |           2      2.35%     78.82% |           2      2.35%     81.18% |           2      2.35%     83.53% |           3      3.53%     87.06% |           2      2.35%     89.41% |           2      2.35%     91.76% |           7      8.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           85                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     57.14%     57.14% |           3     42.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8     57.14%     57.14% |           6     42.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           5      2.84%      2.84% |           2      1.14%      3.98% |           7      3.98%      7.95% |           6      3.41%     11.36% |           8      4.55%     15.91% |           5      2.84%     18.75% |           7      3.98%     22.73% |           5      2.84%     25.57% |           7      3.98%     29.55% |           3      1.70%     31.25% |           4      2.27%     33.52% |           3      1.70%     35.23% |           3      1.70%     36.93% |           5      2.84%     39.77% |           4      2.27%     42.05% |           5      2.84%     44.89% |           8      4.55%     49.43% |           5      2.84%     52.27% |           5      2.84%     55.11% |           6      3.41%     58.52% |           6      3.41%     61.93% |           4      2.27%     64.20% |           4      2.27%     66.48% |           5      2.84%     69.32% |           7      3.98%     73.30% |          10      5.68%     78.98% |           8      4.55%     83.52% |           6      3.41%     86.93% |           4      2.27%     89.20% |           6      3.41%     92.61% |           7      3.98%     96.59% |           6      3.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total          176                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |         112      5.70%      5.70% |           6      0.31%      6.01% |           9      0.46%      6.47% |           9      0.46%      6.92% |          25      1.27%      8.20% |          23      1.17%      9.37% |           3      0.15%      9.52% |          10      0.51%     10.03% |         165      8.40%     18.43% |          25      1.27%     19.70% |          28      1.43%     21.13% |          25      1.27%     22.40% |          24      1.22%     23.63% |          22      1.12%     24.75% |          25      1.27%     26.02% |          25      1.27%     27.29% |         241     12.27%     39.56% |          70      3.56%     43.13% |          69      3.51%     46.64% |          68      3.46%     50.10% |          66      3.36%     53.46% |          66      3.36%     56.82% |          64      3.26%     60.08% |          65      3.31%     63.39% |         194      9.88%     73.27% |          77      3.92%     77.19% |          74      3.77%     80.96% |          76      3.87%     84.83% |          73      3.72%     88.54% |          75      3.82%     92.36% |          76      3.87%     96.23% |          74      3.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total         1964                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |           4      2.47%      2.47% |           2      1.23%      3.70% |           7      4.32%      8.02% |           6      3.70%     11.73% |           8      4.94%     16.67% |           5      3.09%     19.75% |           7      4.32%     24.07% |           5      3.09%     27.16% |           7      4.32%     31.48% |           3      1.85%     33.33% |           4      2.47%     35.80% |           3      1.85%     37.65% |           3      1.85%     39.51% |           5      3.09%     42.59% |           4      2.47%     45.06% |           5      3.09%     48.15% |           4      2.47%     50.62% |           4      2.47%     53.09% |           4      2.47%     55.56% |           5      3.09%     58.64% |           3      1.85%     60.49% |           3      1.85%     62.35% |           3      1.85%     64.20% |           4      2.47%     66.67% |           7      4.32%     70.99% |          10      6.17%     77.16% |           8      4.94%     82.10% |           6      3.70%     85.80% |           4      2.47%     88.27% |           6      3.70%     91.98% |           7      4.32%     96.30% |           6      3.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total          162                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |         415      3.81%      3.81% |         312      2.86%      6.67% |         303      2.78%      9.45% |         334      3.06%     12.51% |         303      2.78%     15.29% |         308      2.83%     18.12% |         306      2.81%     20.92% |         343      3.15%     24.07% |         451      4.14%     28.21% |         310      2.84%     31.05% |         332      3.05%     34.10% |         347      3.18%     37.28% |         307      2.82%     40.10% |         310      2.84%     42.94% |         309      2.83%     45.78% |         340      3.12%     48.89% |         443      4.06%     52.96% |         327      3.00%     55.96% |         314      2.88%     58.84% |         356      3.27%     62.10% |         353      3.24%     65.34% |         345      3.16%     68.51% |         348      3.19%     71.70% |         383      3.51%     75.21% |         456      4.18%     79.40% |         313      2.87%     82.27% |         306      2.81%     85.07% |         338      3.10%     88.18% |         303      2.78%     90.95% |         312      2.86%     93.82% |         311      2.85%     96.67% |         363      3.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total        10901                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |         561     46.06%     46.06% |          89      7.31%     53.37% |          87      7.14%     60.51% |          87      7.14%     67.65% |           0      0.00%     67.65% |           0      0.00%     67.65% |           0      0.00%     67.65% |           0      0.00%     67.65% |           0      0.00%     67.65% |           0      0.00%     67.65% |           0      0.00%     67.65% |           0      0.00%     67.65% |           0      0.00%     67.65% |           0      0.00%     67.65% |           0      0.00%     67.65% |           0      0.00%     67.65% |           0      0.00%     67.65% |         131     10.76%     78.41% |         131     10.76%     89.16% |         131     10.76%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           1      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total         1218                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         876      6.39%      6.39% |         385      2.81%      9.19% |         405      2.95%     12.15% |         399      2.91%     15.06% |         419      3.06%     18.11% |         394      2.87%     20.98% |         399      2.91%     23.89% |         412      3.00%     26.90% |         396      2.89%     29.78% |         399      2.91%     32.69% |         423      3.08%     35.78% |         424      3.09%     38.87% |         445      3.24%     42.11% |         435      3.17%     45.29% |         424      3.09%     48.38% |         425      3.10%     51.48% |         432      3.15%     54.63% |         440      3.21%     57.83% |         418      3.05%     60.88% |         396      2.89%     63.77% |         395      2.88%     66.65% |         412      3.00%     69.65% |         395      2.88%     72.53% |         399      2.91%     75.44% |         434      3.16%     78.61% |         431      3.14%     81.75% |         435      3.17%     84.92% |         413      3.01%     87.93% |         403      2.94%     90.87% |         430      3.14%     94.01% |         418      3.05%     97.05% |         404      2.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        13715                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.L1_GETS |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |         203      5.05%      5.05% |         122      3.03%      8.08% |         120      2.98%     11.06% |         120      2.98%     14.04% |         120      2.98%     17.03% |         120      2.98%     20.01% |         120      2.98%     22.99% |         120      2.98%     25.98% |         120      2.98%     28.96% |         120      2.98%     31.94% |         120      2.98%     34.92% |         120      2.98%     37.91% |         123      3.06%     40.96% |         120      2.98%     43.95% |         121      3.01%     46.96% |         120      2.98%     49.94% |         120      2.98%     52.92% |         149      3.70%     56.62% |         150      3.73%     60.35% |         150      3.73%     64.08% |         120      2.98%     67.06% |         120      2.98%     70.05% |         122      3.03%     73.08% |         120      2.98%     76.06% |         120      2.98%     79.05% |         121      3.01%     82.05% |         120      2.98%     85.04% |         120      2.98%     88.02% |         122      3.03%     91.05% |         120      2.98%     94.03% |         120      2.98%     97.02% |         120      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total         4023                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |         119      3.07%      3.07% |         124      3.20%      6.27% |         121      3.12%      9.40% |         122      3.15%     12.55% |         120      3.10%     15.64% |         123      3.18%     18.82% |         120      3.10%     21.92% |         120      3.10%     25.01% |         120      3.10%     28.11% |         121      3.12%     31.23% |         120      3.10%     34.33% |         120      3.10%     37.43% |         125      3.23%     40.66% |         120      3.10%     43.75% |         122      3.15%     46.90% |         121      3.12%     50.03% |         120      3.10%     53.12% |         121      3.12%     56.25% |         122      3.15%     59.40% |         122      3.15%     62.55% |         120      3.10%     65.64% |         121      3.12%     68.77% |         122      3.15%     71.92% |         120      3.10%     75.01% |         121      3.12%     78.14% |         121      3.12%     81.26% |         120      3.10%     84.36% |         121      3.12%     87.48% |         124      3.20%     90.68% |         120      3.10%     93.78% |         120      3.10%     96.88% |         121      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total         3874                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           2     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           3     30.00%     50.00% |           3     30.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     10.00%     90.00% |           1     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       24584      3.69%      3.69% |       20747      3.12%      6.81% |       20766      3.12%      9.93% |       20727      3.11%     13.04% |       20683      3.11%     16.15% |       20671      3.10%     19.25% |       20679      3.11%     22.36% |       20711      3.11%     25.47% |       20693      3.11%     28.57% |       20718      3.11%     31.68% |       20750      3.12%     34.80% |       20701      3.11%     37.91% |       20677      3.11%     41.02% |       20677      3.11%     44.12% |       20679      3.11%     47.23% |       20683      3.11%     50.33% |       20687      3.11%     53.44% |       20678      3.11%     56.54% |       20678      3.11%     59.65% |       20696      3.11%     62.76% |       20666      3.10%     65.86% |       20650      3.10%     68.96% |       20675      3.10%     72.07% |       20676      3.11%     75.17% |       20679      3.11%     78.28% |       20683      3.11%     81.38% |       20654      3.10%     84.49% |       20663      3.10%     87.59% |       20667      3.10%     90.69% |       20639      3.10%     93.79% |       20626      3.10%     96.89% |       20702      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       665865                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS |           2      4.00%      4.00% |           0      0.00%      4.00% |          27     54.00%     58.00% |          21     42.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS::total           50                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         430      3.24%      3.24% |         382      2.88%      6.12% |         406      3.06%      9.18% |         402      3.03%     12.20% |         419      3.16%     15.36% |         392      2.95%     18.31% |         398      3.00%     21.31% |         413      3.11%     24.42% |         398      3.00%     27.42% |         401      3.02%     30.44% |         422      3.18%     33.62% |         422      3.18%     36.80% |         449      3.38%     40.18% |         436      3.28%     43.47% |         425      3.20%     46.67% |         426      3.21%     49.88% |         432      3.25%     53.13% |         438      3.30%     56.43% |         414      3.12%     59.55% |         392      2.95%     62.50% |         398      3.00%     65.50% |         413      3.11%     68.61% |         395      2.98%     71.59% |         399      3.01%     74.59% |         433      3.26%     77.85% |         431      3.25%     81.10% |         435      3.28%     84.38% |         413      3.11%     87.49% |         405      3.05%     90.54% |         431      3.25%     93.79% |         421      3.17%     96.96% |         404      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        13275                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        6018      3.16%      3.16% |        5931      3.12%      6.28% |        5937      3.12%      9.40% |        5948      3.13%     12.53% |        5947      3.13%     15.66% |        5949      3.13%     18.79% |        5940      3.12%     21.91% |        5927      3.12%     25.02% |        5963      3.14%     28.16% |        5944      3.13%     31.28% |        5929      3.12%     34.40% |        5949      3.13%     37.53% |        5937      3.12%     40.65% |        5934      3.12%     43.77% |        5932      3.12%     46.89% |        5932      3.12%     50.01% |        5955      3.13%     53.14% |        5944      3.13%     56.26% |        5945      3.13%     59.39% |        5937      3.12%     62.51% |        5943      3.12%     65.64% |        5952      3.13%     68.76% |        5932      3.12%     71.88% |        5940      3.12%     75.01% |        5952      3.13%     78.14% |        5943      3.12%     81.26% |        5951      3.13%     84.39% |        5939      3.12%     87.51% |        5939      3.12%     90.63% |        5942      3.12%     93.76% |        5946      3.13%     96.88% |        5927      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       190204                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |         201     80.40%     80.40% |           6      2.40%     82.80% |           3      1.20%     84.00% |           6      2.40%     86.40% |           0      0.00%     86.40% |           1      0.40%     86.80% |           1      0.40%     87.20% |           0      0.00%     87.20% |           0      0.00%     87.20% |           1      0.40%     87.60% |           0      0.00%     87.60% |           0      0.00%     87.60% |           5      2.00%     89.60% |           0      0.00%     89.60% |           2      0.80%     90.40% |           1      0.40%     90.80% |           0      0.00%     90.80% |           0      0.00%     90.80% |          10      4.00%     94.80% |           2      0.80%     95.60% |           0      0.00%     95.60% |           0      0.00%     95.60% |           0      0.00%     95.60% |           0      0.00%     95.60% |           1      0.40%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           2      0.80%     96.80% |           1      0.40%     97.20% |           4      1.60%     98.80% |           1      0.40%     99.20% |           1      0.40%     99.60% |           1      0.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total          250                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |           3      8.11%      8.11% |           1      2.70%     10.81% |           0      0.00%     10.81% |           0      0.00%     10.81% |           0      0.00%     10.81% |           0      0.00%     10.81% |           0      0.00%     10.81% |           0      0.00%     10.81% |           0      0.00%     10.81% |           0      0.00%     10.81% |           0      0.00%     10.81% |           0      0.00%     10.81% |           0      0.00%     10.81% |           0      0.00%     10.81% |           0      0.00%     10.81% |           0      0.00%     10.81% |           0      0.00%     10.81% |          14     37.84%     48.65% |          18     48.65%     97.30% |           1      2.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total           37                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       77585      7.10%      7.10% |       33337      3.05%     10.14% |       32618      2.98%     13.13% |       32827      3.00%     16.13% |       33055      3.02%     19.15% |       31976      2.92%     22.08% |       31911      2.92%     25.00% |       31661      2.90%     27.89% |       33896      3.10%     30.99% |       32299      2.95%     33.95% |       34241      3.13%     37.08% |       33101      3.03%     40.11% |       32635      2.98%     43.09% |       31688      2.90%     45.99% |       31718      2.90%     48.89% |       31649      2.89%     51.78% |       34237      3.13%     54.92% |       32065      2.93%     57.85% |       32914      3.01%     60.86% |       32521      2.97%     63.83% |       32974      3.02%     66.85% |       32420      2.97%     69.81% |       32958      3.01%     72.83% |       31979      2.92%     75.75% |       33590      3.07%     78.83% |       32284      2.95%     81.78% |       32786      3.00%     84.78% |       31788      2.91%     87.68% |       33104      3.03%     90.71% |       31849      2.91%     93.63% |       34219      3.13%     96.75% |       35483      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1093368                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |           2      2.27%      2.27% |           5      5.68%      7.95% |           0      0.00%      7.95% |           0      0.00%      7.95% |           0      0.00%      7.95% |           0      0.00%      7.95% |           0      0.00%      7.95% |           0      0.00%      7.95% |           0      0.00%      7.95% |           0      0.00%      7.95% |           0      0.00%      7.95% |           0      0.00%      7.95% |           0      0.00%      7.95% |           0      0.00%      7.95% |           0      0.00%      7.95% |           0      0.00%      7.95% |           0      0.00%      7.95% |          26     29.55%     37.50% |          28     31.82%     69.32% |          27     30.68%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total           88                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |         242      6.11%      6.11% |         122      3.08%      9.20% |         119      3.01%     12.20% |         110      2.78%     14.98% |         120      3.03%     18.01% |         120      3.03%     21.05% |         120      3.03%     24.08% |         120      3.03%     27.11% |         120      3.03%     30.14% |         120      3.03%     33.17% |         119      3.01%     36.18% |         118      2.98%     39.16% |         124      3.13%     42.29% |         120      3.03%     45.33% |         120      3.03%     48.36% |         120      3.03%     51.39% |         120      3.03%     54.42% |         120      3.03%     57.45% |         121      3.06%     60.51% |         120      3.03%     63.54% |         120      3.03%     66.57% |         120      3.03%     69.61% |         122      3.08%     72.69% |         120      3.03%     75.72% |         120      3.03%     78.75% |         120      3.03%     81.78% |         120      3.03%     84.82% |         120      3.03%     87.85% |         121      3.06%     90.90% |         120      3.03%     93.94% |         120      3.03%     96.97% |         120      3.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total         3958                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |         587     96.07%     96.07% |           4      0.65%     96.73% |           1      0.16%     96.89% |           1      0.16%     97.05% |           0      0.00%     97.05% |           0      0.00%     97.05% |           0      0.00%     97.05% |           0      0.00%     97.05% |           0      0.00%     97.05% |           0      0.00%     97.05% |           0      0.00%     97.05% |           0      0.00%     97.05% |           0      0.00%     97.05% |           0      0.00%     97.05% |           1      0.16%     97.22% |           0      0.00%     97.22% |           1      0.16%     97.38% |           6      0.98%     98.36% |           5      0.82%     99.18% |           4      0.65%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           1      0.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total          611                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           1      5.56%     11.11% |          10     55.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           2     11.11%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1      5.56%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1      5.56%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           1      5.56%     11.11% |          10     55.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           2     11.11%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1      5.56%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1      5.56%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |         829     18.14%     18.14% |         126      2.76%     20.90% |         120      2.63%     23.53% |         111      2.43%     25.96% |         120      2.63%     28.58% |         120      2.63%     31.21% |         120      2.63%     33.84% |         120      2.63%     36.46% |         120      2.63%     39.09% |         120      2.63%     41.72% |         119      2.60%     44.32% |         118      2.58%     46.90% |         124      2.71%     49.62% |         120      2.63%     52.24% |         121      2.65%     54.89% |         120      2.63%     57.52% |         121      2.65%     60.17% |         126      2.76%     62.92% |         126      2.76%     65.68% |         124      2.71%     68.40% |         120      2.63%     71.02% |         120      2.63%     73.65% |         122      2.67%     76.32% |         120      2.63%     78.95% |         121      2.65%     81.59% |         120      2.63%     84.22% |         120      2.63%     86.85% |         120      2.63%     89.47% |         121      2.65%     92.12% |         120      2.63%     94.75% |         120      2.63%     97.37% |         120      2.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total         4569                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       74230      4.38%      4.38% |      847982     50.00%     54.38% |       33760      1.99%     56.37% |       28201      1.66%     58.03% |       24677      1.46%     59.49% |       26251      1.55%     61.03% |       31647      1.87%     62.90% |       31965      1.88%     64.78% |       23554      1.39%     66.17% |       23978      1.41%     67.59% |       23642      1.39%     68.98% |       23927      1.41%     70.39% |       24385      1.44%     71.83% |       23734      1.40%     73.23% |       23430      1.38%     74.61% |       26240      1.55%     76.16% |       31695      1.87%     78.03% |       33592      1.98%     80.01% |       23872      1.41%     81.41% |       26273      1.55%     82.96% |       23455      1.38%     84.35% |       23410      1.38%     85.73% |       23255      1.37%     87.10% |       23187      1.37%     88.47% |       23449      1.38%     89.85% |       23599      1.39%     91.24% |       23601      1.39%     92.63% |       23421      1.38%     94.01% |       23816      1.40%     95.42% |       24263      1.43%     96.85% |       23675      1.40%     98.24% |       29798      1.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      1695964                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       74230      4.38%      4.38% |      847982     50.00%     54.38% |       33760      1.99%     56.37% |       28201      1.66%     58.03% |       24677      1.46%     59.49% |       26251      1.55%     61.03% |       31647      1.87%     62.90% |       31965      1.88%     64.78% |       23554      1.39%     66.17% |       23978      1.41%     67.59% |       23642      1.39%     68.98% |       23927      1.41%     70.39% |       24385      1.44%     71.83% |       23734      1.40%     73.23% |       23430      1.38%     74.61% |       26240      1.55%     76.16% |       31695      1.87%     78.03% |       33592      1.98%     80.01% |       23872      1.41%     81.41% |       26273      1.55%     82.96% |       23455      1.38%     84.35% |       23410      1.38%     85.73% |       23255      1.37%     87.10% |       23187      1.37%     88.47% |       23449      1.38%     89.85% |       23599      1.39%     91.24% |       23601      1.39%     92.63% |       23421      1.38%     94.01% |       23816      1.40%     95.42% |       24263      1.43%     96.85% |       23675      1.40%     98.24% |       29798      1.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      1695964                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       74230      4.38%      4.38% |      847982     50.00%     54.38% |       33760      1.99%     56.37% |       28201      1.66%     58.03% |       24677      1.46%     59.49% |       26251      1.55%     61.03% |       31647      1.87%     62.90% |       31965      1.88%     64.78% |       23554      1.39%     66.17% |       23978      1.41%     67.59% |       23642      1.39%     68.98% |       23927      1.41%     70.39% |       24385      1.44%     71.83% |       23734      1.40%     73.23% |       23430      1.38%     74.61% |       26240      1.55%     76.16% |       31695      1.87%     78.03% |       33592      1.98%     80.01% |       23872      1.41%     81.41% |       26273      1.55%     82.96% |       23455      1.38%     84.35% |       23410      1.38%     85.73% |       23255      1.37%     87.10% |       23187      1.37%     88.47% |       23449      1.38%     89.85% |       23599      1.39%     91.24% |       23601      1.39%     92.63% |       23421      1.38%     94.01% |       23816      1.40%     95.42% |       24263      1.43%     96.85% |       23675      1.40%     98.24% |       29798      1.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      1695964                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       74230      4.38%      4.38% |      847982     50.00%     54.38% |       33760      1.99%     56.37% |       28201      1.66%     58.03% |       24677      1.46%     59.49% |       26251      1.55%     61.03% |       31647      1.87%     62.90% |       31965      1.88%     64.78% |       23554      1.39%     66.17% |       23978      1.41%     67.59% |       23642      1.39%     68.98% |       23927      1.41%     70.39% |       24385      1.44%     71.83% |       23734      1.40%     73.23% |       23430      1.38%     74.61% |       26240      1.55%     76.16% |       31695      1.87%     78.03% |       33592      1.98%     80.01% |       23872      1.41%     81.41% |       26273      1.55%     82.96% |       23455      1.38%     84.35% |       23410      1.38%     85.73% |       23255      1.37%     87.10% |       23187      1.37%     88.47% |       23449      1.38%     89.85% |       23599      1.39%     91.24% |       23601      1.39%     92.63% |       23421      1.38%     94.01% |       23816      1.40%     95.42% |       24263      1.43%     96.85% |       23675      1.40%     98.24% |       29798      1.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      1695964                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
