
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.057157                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 57156684500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5233324763000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  61224                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   108258                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              151008630                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4341468                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   378.50                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    23173418                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      40975521                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     12632768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          12632768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      8049344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        8049344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       197387                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             197387                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       125771                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            125771                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    221019958                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            221019958                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    140829442                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           140829442                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    361849400                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           361849400                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     197387                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    125771                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   197387                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  125771                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              12630528                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   2240                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                8049088                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               12632768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             8049344                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    35                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            12097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            12208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            12072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            12425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            12209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            12289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            12503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            12668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            12428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            12784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           12405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           12730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           12277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           12035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           12306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           11916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             7803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             7650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             7819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             7842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             7811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             7901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             7996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             8027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             7938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             8083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            7891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            7926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            7763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            7815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            7875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            7627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                    16338                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     5514                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  57156192500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               197387                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              125771                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  74487                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   9536                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   8092                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   7329                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   7002                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   6741                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   6552                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   5968                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   5569                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   4869                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  4304                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  3990                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  3710                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  3382                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  3011                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  2736                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  2384                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  2177                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  2048                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  1851                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  1756                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  1483                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  1394                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  1287                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                  1258                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                  1222                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                  1102                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                  1105                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                  1076                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  1018                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  1107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                 17806                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  18033                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  20430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  21249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  21237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  21416                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   6442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   6432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                  10532                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        83593                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   247.363870                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   175.176624                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   223.674251                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25652     30.69%     30.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        22015     26.34%     57.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        21537     25.76%     82.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4621      5.53%     88.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3503      4.19%     92.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1659      1.98%     94.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1109      1.33%     95.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          811      0.97%     96.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2686      3.21%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        83593                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        18801                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.496357                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    30.960271                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        18792     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            8      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        18801                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        18801                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.689378                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.161533                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.246143                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          14693     78.15%     78.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1890     10.05%     88.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1142      6.07%     94.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1076      5.72%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        18801                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 19223564137                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            22923914137                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 986760000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    97407.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              116157.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      220.98                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      140.82                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   221.02                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   140.83                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.38                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.92                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  154026                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  85488                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                78.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               67.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    176867.64                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   74.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11628258750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1908400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    43614690000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              317935800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              313966800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              173476875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              171311250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             767941200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             770920800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            407229120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            407708640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         3732830400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         3732830400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        22595942565                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        22073804325                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        14469798750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        14927814750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          42465154710                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          42398356965                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          743.029970                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          741.861183                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     12404992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          12404992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      7831744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        7831744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       193828                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             193828                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       122371                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            122371                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    217034842                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            217034842                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    137022363                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           137022363                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    354057206                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           354057206                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     193828                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    122371                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   193828                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  122371                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              12402432                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   2560                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                7831552                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               12404992                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             7831744                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    40                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            11885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            11985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            11842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            12186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            12004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            12101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            12318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            12458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            12190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            12552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           12171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           12541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           12048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           11805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           11985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           11717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             7601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             7459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             7616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             7630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             7611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             7702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             7774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             7807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             7725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             7868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            7674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            7716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            7553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            7599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            7604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            7429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                    13866                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     4863                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  57155914500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               193828                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              122371                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  73304                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   8406                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   7852                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   7638                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   7389                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   6903                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   6413                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   6052                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   5507                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   5054                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  4531                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  4068                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  3690                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  3292                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  2922                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  2722                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  2496                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  2333                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  2123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  1854                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  1751                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  1641                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  1493                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  1389                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                  1249                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                  1190                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  1141                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  1022                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  1041                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  1030                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  1048                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                 15244                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  17622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  19745                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  20702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  20857                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  20996                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   6456                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   6412                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   9581                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        76455                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   264.638807                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   191.109829                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   228.274079                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        19504     25.51%     25.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        20790     27.19%     52.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        21676     28.35%     81.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4551      5.95%     87.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3730      4.88%     91.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1511      1.98%     93.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1120      1.46%     95.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          794      1.04%     96.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2779      3.63%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        76455                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        18313                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.581445                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    25.461902                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        18306     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        18313                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        18313                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.682029                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.161959                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.207658                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          14207     77.58%     77.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1973     10.77%     88.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1176      6.42%     94.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          957      5.23%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        18313                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 18153907903                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            21787432903                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 968940000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    93679.22                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              112429.22                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      216.99                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      137.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   217.03                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   137.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.36                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  152936                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  86756                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                78.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               70.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    180759.31                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   75.81                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11893204500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1908400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    43349744250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              291679920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              286282080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              159150750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              156205500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             754759200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             756327000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            396550080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            396362160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         3732830400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         3732830400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        22373182575                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        21815208720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        14665202250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        15154653000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          42373355175                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          42297868860                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          741.423716                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          740.102902                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     12405248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          12405248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      7831872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        7831872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       193832                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             193832                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       122373                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            122373                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    217039321                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            217039321                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    137024603                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           137024603                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    354063924                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           354063924                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     193832                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    122373                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   193832                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  122373                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              12402816                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   2432                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                7831808                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               12405248                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             7831872                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    38                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            11884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            12013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            11868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            12230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            12011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            12080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            12280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            12456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            12182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            12532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           12179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           12582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           12045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           11767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           11969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           11716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             7593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             7457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             7615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             7640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             7608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             7688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             7767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             7818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             7728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             7869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            7674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            7726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            7560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            7589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            7608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            7432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                    14083                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     5114                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  57156542500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               193832                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              122373                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  73334                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   8118                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   7544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   7495                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   7241                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   7092                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   6850                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   6364                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   5697                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   5037                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  4572                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  3986                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  3688                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  3357                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  3002                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  2837                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  2438                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  2212                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  2047                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  1827                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  1724                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  1510                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  1391                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  1313                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                  1249                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  1142                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  1079                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  1141                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  1050                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  1007                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  1021                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                 15429                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  17603                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  19802                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  20480                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  20773                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  20907                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   6455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   6518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   9835                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        76344                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   265.035314                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   191.735318                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   227.926142                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        19253     25.22%     25.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        20740     27.17%     52.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        21978     28.79%     81.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4464      5.85%     87.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3651      4.78%     91.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1555      2.04%     93.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1163      1.52%     95.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          777      1.02%     96.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2763      3.62%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        76344                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        18297                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.591135                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    25.486613                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        18291     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        18297                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        18297                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.688091                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.167728                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.207352                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          14154     77.36%     77.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2054     11.23%     88.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1114      6.09%     94.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          975      5.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        18297                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 18164097633                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            21797735133                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 968970000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    93728.90                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              112478.90                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      217.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      137.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   217.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   137.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.35                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.92                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  152818                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  86997                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                78.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               71.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    180757.87                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   75.85                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11877532000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1908400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    43365430750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              290712240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              286357680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              158622750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              156246750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             755079000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             756046200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            396420480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            396485280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         3732830400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         3732830400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        22123892790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        21622434435                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        14883885750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        15323761500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          42341443410                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          42274162245                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          740.865165                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          739.687919                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     12385216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          12385216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      7830144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        7830144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       193519                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             193519                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       122346                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            122346                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    216688846                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            216688846                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    136994370                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           136994370                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    353683216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           353683216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     193519                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    122346                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   193519                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  122346                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              12383424                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                   1792                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                7829952                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               12385216                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             7830144                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    28                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            11872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            11969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            11809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            12185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            11960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            12058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            12259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            12449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            12185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            12525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           12203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           12511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           12039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           11767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           11989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           11711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             7600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             7447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             7612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             7628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             7604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             7689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             7768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             7809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             7727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             7870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            7677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            7734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            7556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            7596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            7604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            7422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                    13176                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     4969                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  57155644000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               193519                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              122346                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  72965                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   8343                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   7892                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   7484                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   7300                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   7108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   6672                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   6080                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   5655                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   5083                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  4585                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  4035                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  3739                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  3375                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  3017                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  2794                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  2568                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  2325                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  2079                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  1897                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  1759                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  1601                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  1432                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  1317                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  1254                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  1179                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  1157                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  1073                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                  1034                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                  1086                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  1072                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                 14531                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  17579                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  19787                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  20741                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  21014                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  20918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   6286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   6315                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   9706                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        75800                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   266.648654                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   193.294676                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   228.421915                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        18762     24.75%     24.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        20828     27.48%     52.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        21787     28.74%     80.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4515      5.96%     86.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3669      4.84%     91.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1539      2.03%     93.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1147      1.51%     95.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          741      0.98%     96.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2812      3.71%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        75800                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        18319                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.561766                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    26.136648                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        18313     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        18319                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        18319                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.678476                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.156945                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.218507                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          14247     77.77%     77.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1971     10.76%     88.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1106      6.04%     94.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          995      5.43%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        18319                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 17988822348                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            21616778598                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 967455000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    92969.81                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              111719.81                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      216.66                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      136.99                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   216.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   136.99                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.35                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  152734                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  87293                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                78.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               71.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    180949.60                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   76.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11623995750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1908400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    43618953000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              287892360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              285110280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              157084125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              155566125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             753043200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             755726400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            396264960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            396485280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         3732830400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         3732830400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        22105816380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        21388124250                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        14899734000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        15529288500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          42332665425                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          42243131235                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          740.711751                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          739.145135                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1132                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1132                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               212                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              212                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          783                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4013                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4861                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               176000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              485000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              441088                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              109088                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1815000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          380                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1556480                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          380                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                256                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                2559                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                7052218                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 62.676917                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                31.117134                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev               136.482411                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     6652633     94.33%     94.33% |      173543      2.46%     96.79% |      145248      2.06%     98.85% |       77413      1.10%     99.95% |        3332      0.05%    100.00% |          49      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  7052218                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     16712110                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.448438                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.701913                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      4.167719                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    15291736     91.50%     91.50% |      933892      5.59%     97.09% |       40789      0.24%     97.33% |       38469      0.23%     97.56% |       46146      0.28%     97.84% |       56594      0.34%     98.18% |       66855      0.40%     98.58% |      111963      0.67%     99.25% |      125666      0.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      16712110                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            16712109                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              31.732000                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.080064                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            159.111822                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    16592433     99.28%     99.28% |      106940      0.64%     99.92% |       11564      0.07%     99.99% |        1061      0.01%    100.00% |          90      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              16712109                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        15534863                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000355                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000301                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.020908                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    15529593     99.97%     99.97% |        5216      0.03%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          15534863                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1177246                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        410.872945                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       235.696013                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       452.494623                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1057570     89.83%     89.83% |      106940      9.08%     98.92% |       11564      0.98%     99.90% |        1061      0.09%     99.99% |          90      0.01%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1177246                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     4702208                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    3964928                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         347269                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       347269                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          126                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           95                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles           91                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles           75                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     11724854                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       509974                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     12234828                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      3805908                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       124097                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3930005                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       368856                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        22650                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       130136                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1529358                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        47702                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           48                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           48                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          518                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67885                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68403                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        20309                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits          514                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67890                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68404                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        20658                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          503                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67901                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68404                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        21275                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          517                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67890                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68407                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        21135                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits          522                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67881                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68403                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        20570                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits          511                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67888                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68399                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        20945                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          514                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67890                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68404                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        21197                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          502                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67903                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68405                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        21078                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        53454                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        27930                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        81384                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        12405                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        24278                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        36683                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        12237                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        24289                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        36526                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        10464                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        24226                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        34690                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits         9856                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        24239                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        34095                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        10424                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        24210                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        34634                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits         9241                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        24250                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        33491                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         9758                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        24178                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        33936                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        11336                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        24306                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        35642                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        10262                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        24215                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        34477                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        10474                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        24217                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        34691                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        10826                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        24208                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        35034                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits         8756                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        24294                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        33050                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        10993                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        24193                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        35186                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        16503                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        24236                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        40739                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        10538                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        24200                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        34738                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        10433                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        24171                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        34604                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        10675                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        24228                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        34903                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        10687                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        24260                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        34947                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        10189                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        24228                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        34417                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        11335                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        24172                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        35507                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        12453                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        24205                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        36658                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        13161                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        24201                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        37362                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        11707                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        24237                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        35944                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        15039                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        24177                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        39216                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        18379                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        24178                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        42557                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits         9181                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        24191                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        33372                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits         9633                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        24179                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        33812                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         8665                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        24197                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        32862                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         8785                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        24204                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        32989                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits         9749                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        24217                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        33966                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        10867                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        24268                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        35135                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles        59207                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     10204800                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     10204800                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10482027                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10204800                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4911365                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4811956                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     10204800                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.089270                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      5564483                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      5564483                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5860662                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5564483                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3376307                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3232987                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      5564483                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.048677                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      3916114                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      3916114                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4125274                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3916114                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1653698                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1634850                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      3916114                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.034258                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      3475371                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      3475371                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3668977                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3475371                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1528571                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1516835                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      3475371                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.030402                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      4169710                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      4169710                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4409488                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4169710                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2113829                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2063378                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      4169710                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.036476                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      4094967                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      4094967                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4323499                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4094967                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1972237                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1950927                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      4094967                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.035822                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      4756584                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      4756584                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5024631                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4756584                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1863355                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1836828                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      4756584                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.041610                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      3512490                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      3512490                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3767522                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3512490                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1508794                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1479366                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      3512490                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.030727                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      2403497                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      2403497                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2521374                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2403497                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1086983                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1072085                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      2403497                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.021026                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      2960079                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      2960079                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3158971                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2960079                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1442907                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1411511                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      2960079                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.025894                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      2040988                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      2040988                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2111333                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2040988                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       828927                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       821932                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      2040988                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.017854                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      1728079                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      1728079                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1743490                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1728079                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       694619                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       694303                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      1728079                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.015117                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      2153893                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      2153893                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2175693                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2153893                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity       974633                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity       974201                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      2153893                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.018842                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      1804937                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      1804937                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1821789                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1804937                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       733629                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       733245                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      1804937                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.015789                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1075080                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1075080                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1091947                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1075080                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       416660                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       415672                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1075080                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.009405                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      1581740                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      1581740                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1621542                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1581740                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       621276                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       619660                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      1581740                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.013837                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      2110251                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      2110251                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2152889                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2110251                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       776089                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       773319                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      2110251                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.018460                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      1672193                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      1672193                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1719911                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1672193                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       638437                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       634937                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      1672193                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.014628                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      1632936                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      1632936                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1692770                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1632936                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       652416                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       649176                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      1632936                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.014285                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       946287                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       946287                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       959107                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       946287                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       374763                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       374311                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       946287                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.008278                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       918924                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       918924                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       921463                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       918924                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       415198                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       415156                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       918924                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.008039                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      1153525                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      1153525                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1157634                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1153525                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       550771                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       550473                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      1153525                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.010091                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       998392                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       998392                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1002586                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       998392                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       440823                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       440764                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       998392                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.008734                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       626824                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       626824                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       626824                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       626824                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       258144                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       258144                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       626824                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.005483                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       865761                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       865761                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       868262                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       865761                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       363523                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       363489                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       865761                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.007574                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      1079655                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      1079655                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1083575                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1079655                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       507549                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       507259                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      1079655                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.009445                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       985837                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       985837                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       989905                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       985837                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       428145                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       428081                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       985837                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.008624                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       632352                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       632352                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       632352                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       632352                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       258860                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       258860                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       632352                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.005532                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      3924053                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      3924053                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4190345                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3924053                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1636176                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1631725                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      3924053                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.034327                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      3835988                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      3835988                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4034081                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3835988                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1554790                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1548960                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      3835988                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.033557                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      3869746                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      3869746                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4106398                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3869746                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1545620                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1538398                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      3869746                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.033852                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      4019121                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      4019121                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4239801                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4019121                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1626733                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1617053                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      4019121                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.035159                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     6791763     30.74%     30.74% |    14234976     64.43%     95.17% |     1067069      4.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     22093808                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     6791763     30.74%     30.74% |    14234976     64.43%     95.17% |     1067069      4.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     22093808                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   238452851                       |   357914741                       |    24483014                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   610691970                       |    56412030                       |     1067070                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   35.109124                       |   25.143333                       |   22.944171                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   89.916561                       |    3.962917                       |    1.000001                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    28.100661                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    30.242458                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         58.343119                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.003034                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.071701      7.67%      7.67% |    0.071451      7.65%     15.32% |    0.069850      7.48%     22.80% |    0.069527      7.44%     30.24% |    0.152954     16.37%     46.61% |    0.149245     15.97%     62.58% |    0.152831     16.36%     78.94% |    0.149181     15.97%     94.90% |    0.011902      1.27%     96.18% |    0.011903      1.27%     97.45% |    0.011905      1.27%     98.73% |    0.011898      1.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.934348                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.023159                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.027414                       |    0.000001                       |    0.002852                       |    0.002853                       |    0.002853                       |    0.002853                       |    0.002853                       |    0.002853                       |    0.002851                       |    0.002854                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005329                       |    0.002820                       |    0.002632                       |    0.002781                       |    0.002645                       |    0.002664                       |    0.002618                       |    0.002629                       |    0.002678                       |    0.002727                       |    0.002811                       |    0.002714                       |    0.002685                       |    0.002706                       |    0.002651                       |    0.002674                       |    0.002763                       |    0.002700                       |    0.002715                       |    0.002735                       |    0.002746                       |    0.003034                       |    0.002719                       |    0.002713                       |    0.002727                       |    0.002730                       |    0.002705                       |    0.002748                       |    0.002815                       |    0.002841                       |    0.002939                       |    0.003120                       |    0.010346                       |    0.010157                       |    0.010157                       |    0.010140                       |    0.000213                       |           0                       |    0.002713                       |    0.005753                       |    0.000374                       |    0.000382                       |    0.000384                       |    0.000387                       |    0.000375                       |    0.000385                       |    0.000375                       |    0.000377                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002801                       |    0.000216                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002959                       |    0.002062                       |    0.003559                       |    0.002725                       |    0.000375                       |    0.003700                       |    0.007708                       |    0.002959                       |           0                       |    0.002871                       |    0.007630                       |           0                       |    0.007920                       |    0.011976                       |    0.003930                       |    0.003559                       |    0.002679                       |    0.000374                       |    0.008236                       |    0.007564                       |    0.011846                       |    0.003559                       |    0.002827                       |    0.000382                       |    0.010969                       |    0.007314                       |    0.005351                       |           0                       |    0.002859                       |    0.007448                       |           0                       |    0.011210                       |    0.007188                       |    0.004853                       |           0                       |    0.002755                       |           0                       |    0.005442                       |    0.003593                       |    0.003327                       |           0                       |    0.002783                       |           0                       |    0.002727                       |    0.002063                       |           0                       |    0.003002                       |           0                       |    0.001379                       |    0.003034                       |    0.002675                       |    0.003560                       |    0.002721                       |    0.000377                       |    0.004241                       |    0.004533                       |    0.007836                       |    0.002627                       |    0.003560                       |    0.002687                       |    0.000384                       |    0.005222                       |    0.010028                       |    0.010814                       |    0.003781                       |    0.032296                       |    0.004518                       |    0.002713                       |    0.005454                       |    0.015766                       |    0.022526                       |    0.005997                       |    0.000003                       |    0.002851                       |    0.005753                       |    0.005611                       |    0.012823                       |    0.015665                       |    0.005971                       |    0.003559                       |    0.002691                       |    0.000387                       |    0.007803                       |    0.008067                       |    0.008481                       |    0.004835                       |           0                       |    0.002737                       |           0                       |    0.002488                       |    0.005415                       |    0.004295                       |    0.003907                       |           0                       |    0.002777                       |           0                       |    0.001253                       |    0.002730                       |    0.002685                       |           0                       |    0.002782                       |           0                       |    0.000462                       |    0.002719                       |    0.002771                       |           0                       |    0.002810                       |           0                       |    0.003916                       |    0.003339                       |    0.005085                       |    0.002704                       |           0                       |    0.002957                       |    0.007448                       |           0                       |    0.003061                       |    0.007916                       |    0.009748                       |    0.002721                       |    0.003559                       |    0.002665                       |    0.000375                       |    0.018330                       |    0.008225                       |    0.005660                       |    0.002797                       |    0.003559                       |    0.002692                       |    0.000385                       |    0.004160                       |    0.011059                       |    0.006141                       |    0.002732                       |           0                       |    0.003053                       |    0.007442                       |           0                       |    0.003986                       |    0.011447                       |    0.006471                       |    0.002759                       |           0                       |    0.002730                       |           0                       |    0.001619                       |    0.005411                       |    0.003234                       |    0.002794                       |           0                       |    0.002780                       |           0                       |    0.000356                       |    0.002705                       |    0.002783                       |           0                       |    0.002771                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002713                       |           0                       |    0.002704                       |           0                       |    0.001782                       |           0                       |    0.004919                       |           0                       |    0.002721                       |           0                       |    0.003664                       |    0.001337                       |    0.006114                       |           0                       |    0.002797                       |           0                       |    0.008960                       |    0.003522                       |    0.003182                       |           0                       |    0.002732                       |           0                       |    0.001782                       |    0.006787                       |    0.003327                       |           0                       |    0.002759                       |           0                       |    0.005511                       |    0.006014                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002794                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005484                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002783                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002748                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.934348                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         5087471                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      5087471                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       303343                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      3477978                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         2851932                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     81.999714                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          369611                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30074                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits              9974050                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              55064                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             7991094                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            103631                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         10029114                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         8094725                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  17965144                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  158695                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              18123839                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              3937052                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9453                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          3946505                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   3937052                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9453                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               3946505                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                110752326                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     14806949                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               29962754                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             5087471                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      3221543                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              90989357                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          686386                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             140404                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       165225                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       238328                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3365                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       321053                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           3936419                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        154081                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3828                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    107007874                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.513698                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.781591                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         96645760     90.32%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1576613      1.47%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           837774      0.78%     92.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           767972      0.72%     93.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4           845953      0.79%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           871392      0.81%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6           764884      0.71%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           496589      0.46%     96.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          4200937      3.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    107007874                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.045936                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.270538                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          9317521                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      89826159                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           4714005                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       2806989                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         343193                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       51298617                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         343193                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         10474979                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        52044686                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      7426302                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           6236927                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      30481780                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       49957937                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         65175                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        2364674                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         413397                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       27097231                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     52070771                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     122950083                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     76737984                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          125                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      41632495                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         10438261                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       196347                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       198374                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          19017443                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      5049826                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      8257414                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads       707425                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       557106                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           48697563                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       294259                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          51462098                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       215539                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7783636                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     12496460                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        67877                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    107007874                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.480919                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.226460                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     86264686     80.62%     80.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      7780362      7.27%     87.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      5450182      5.09%     92.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      2460214      2.30%     95.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      2079449      1.94%     97.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1533738      1.43%     98.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       878538      0.82%     99.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       342624      0.32%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       218081      0.20%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    107007874                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          106624     12.15%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         680239     77.50%     89.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         90848     10.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       235513      0.46%      0.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      33037929     64.20%     64.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        30898      0.06%     64.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52180      0.10%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      9975576     19.38%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8130000     15.80%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       51462098                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.464659                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              877711                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.017055                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    211025236                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     56782882                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     45334680                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           84                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          198                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           34                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       52104253                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              43                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       885866                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1175629                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2685                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7767                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       512750                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1827                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5907340                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         343193                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4625355                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      44974545                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     48991822                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114031                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       5049826                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8257414                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       285162                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          71880                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      44817121                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7767                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       134144                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       224882                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       359026                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      50948907                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       9823121                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       355029                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             17823628                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          3873935                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            8000507                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.460026                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               45414701                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              45334714                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          25315770                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          41357392                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.409334                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.612122                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8006961                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       226382                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       316662                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    105730921                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.387545                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.209244                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     89807458     84.94%     84.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      5689045      5.38%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      5148702      4.87%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1988850      1.88%     97.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       986699      0.93%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       351901      0.33%     98.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       219237      0.21%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       311436      0.29%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1227593      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    105730921                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     23173417                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       40975518                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               11618856                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               3874193                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5781                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            3500052                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  6                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          40624050                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       292670                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       111270      0.27%      0.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     29164901     71.18%     71.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        29695      0.07%     71.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50794      0.12%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      3874193      9.45%     81.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      7744663     18.90%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     40975518                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1227593                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            153397576                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes            99247271                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   84751                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3744452                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3560628                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            23173417                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              40975518                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.779283                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.779283                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.209236                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.209236                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         79620476                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        33142941                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                38                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               60                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          19242294                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         12935392                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        26131630                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         190684                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               1877764000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            1877764000.000003                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.34218e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          256                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         2559                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3273391                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean       104.237922                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       41.660927                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      191.649638                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     2873953     87.80%     87.80% |      173396      5.30%     93.09% |      145248      4.44%     97.53% |       77413      2.36%     99.90% |        3332      0.10%    100.00% |          49      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3273391                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       3762999                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        26.694202                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       24.182415                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       12.428951                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     3728749     99.09%     99.09% |       30026      0.80%     99.89% |        3270      0.09%     99.97% |         807      0.02%    100.00% |         123      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         3762999                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         15828                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.084344                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.746610                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.217883                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         567      3.58%      3.58% |        1961     12.39%     15.97% |        7263     45.89%     61.86% |        3576     22.59%     84.45% |        2425     15.32%     99.77% |          30      0.19%     99.96% |           6      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           15828                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          4620952                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           50.224556                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           4.713136                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         206.049840                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     4562787     98.74%     98.74% |       52773      1.14%     99.88% |        4890      0.11%     99.99% |         457      0.01%    100.00% |          41      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            4620952                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      4154390                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000859                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000740                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.029758                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     4150840     99.91%     99.91% |        3546      0.09%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        4154390                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       466562                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     470.716698                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    262.585973                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    473.106945                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      408397     87.53%     87.53% |       52773     11.31%     98.84% |        4890      1.05%     99.89% |         457      0.10%     99.99% |          41      0.01%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        466562                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          7992742                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           34.356336                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.159536                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         166.318470                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     7931243     99.23%     99.23% |       54158      0.68%     99.91% |        6672      0.08%     99.99% |         603      0.01%    100.00% |          49      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            7992742                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      7418346                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000249                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000205                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.020148                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     7416725     99.98%     99.98% |        1571      0.02%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        7418346                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       574396                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     439.321378                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    282.885310                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    456.312351                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      512897     89.29%     89.29% |       54158      9.43%     98.72% |        6672      1.16%     99.88% |         603      0.10%     99.99% |          49      0.01%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        574396                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      3930004                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        5.594566                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.321194                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      17.773473                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     3929756     99.99%     99.99% |         236      0.01%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        3930004                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      3805908                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000002                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000002                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.001356                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3805901    100.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      3805908                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       124096                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    85.167427                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    75.167897                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    58.871634                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      123848     99.80%     99.80% |         236      0.19%     99.99% |           8      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       124096                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       167091                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      9.749532                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.804931                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    31.546779                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      164773     98.61%     98.61% |        1781      1.07%     99.68% |         463      0.28%     99.96% |          40      0.02%     99.98% |          15      0.01%     99.99% |          16      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       167091                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       154933                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000594                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000513                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.024361                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      154841     99.94%     99.94% |          92      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       154933                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        12158                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    95.753249                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    78.493613                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    75.502481                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        9840     80.93%     80.93% |        1781     14.65%     95.58% |         463      3.81%     99.39% |          40      0.33%     99.72% |          15      0.12%     99.84% |          16      0.13%     99.98% |           3      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        12158                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.572727                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.510953                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    18.752340                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         626     94.85%     94.85% |          24      3.64%     98.48% |           6      0.91%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           2      0.30%     99.70% |           2      0.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          626                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         626    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          626                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           34                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    72.352941                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    63.535593                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    48.187690                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          24     70.59%     70.59% |           6     17.65%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           2      5.88%     94.12% |           2      5.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           34                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         660    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         660    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks       153051                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      3102971                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       157108                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                     3426                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                     6847                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    11147                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    21655                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                     3438                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                     6446                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    10811                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    21443                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                     3507                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                     6284                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   10282                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   21495                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                    3478                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                    5822                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                   10320                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   21748                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                    3489                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                    6480                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                   11525                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                   21487                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                    3411                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                    6577                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                   10402                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                   21758                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_hits                    3207                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_hits                    6281                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_hits                   10703                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_hits                   21423                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_hits                    3354                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_hits                    6211                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_hits                   10724                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_hits                   21889                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                   1086                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                   1761                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   4565                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                  18057                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                   1074                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   2162                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                   4901                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                  18269                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                   1005                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                   2324                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                  5430                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                 18217                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                  1034                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                  2786                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                  5392                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                 17964                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                  1023                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                  2128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                  4187                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                 18225                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                  1101                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                  2031                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                  5310                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                 17954                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_misses                  1305                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_misses                  2327                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_misses                  5009                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_misses                 18289                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_misses                  1158                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_misses                  2397                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_misses                  4988                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_misses                 17823                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                      419                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                      784                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                     1530                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                     4362                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                      408                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                      850                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                     1598                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                     4444                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                      392                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                      860                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                    1661                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                    4485                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                     406                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                     922                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                    1658                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                    4391                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                     387                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                     846                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                    1456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                    4426                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                     409                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                     845                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                    1622                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                    4396                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshrhits                     463                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshrhits                     862                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshrhits                    1582                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshrhits                    4455                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshrhits                     447                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshrhits                     862                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshrhits                    1582                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshrhits                    4423                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                 4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                 8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                 4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                 8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses                 4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                 8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses                4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses                8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses                4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses                8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses                4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses                8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_accesses                4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_accesses                8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_accesses                4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_accesses                8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                18144916                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                11518784                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                27368857                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                87994484                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                21849861                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                13833309                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                26834268                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                87806784                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles               513941202                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                14302861                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles               29300682                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles               98150817                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles               23343708                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles               14871332                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles               28927711                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles               93654179                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles               14786107                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles               11890185                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles               27079903                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles               93654910                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles               19887450                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles               15675442                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles               27166163                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles               91006535                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlbCycles               30588800                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlbCycles               13011031                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlbCycles               31881736                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlbCycles               92756123                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlbCycles               21658336                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlbCycles               13915519                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlbCycles               29823830                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlbCycles               87519228                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                     192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                    4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                    8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                     192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                    4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                    8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                     192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                    4309                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                   8589                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_reads                   4309                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_reads                   8589                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                   7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                   4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                   4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                   4299                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                  7123                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                  4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                  4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_writes                  4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_writes                  4299                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_writes                  7123                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_writes                  4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                  165                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                 3419                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                 6328                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                13483                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                  166                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                 3131                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                 5985                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                13296                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                  171                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 2997                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits                5422                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               13220                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits                 162                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits                2808                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits                5480                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits               13502                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits                 171                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits                3187                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits                6641                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits               13234                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits                 166                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits                3114                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits                5531                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits               13498                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readhits                 167                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readhits                3041                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readhits                5739                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readhits               13220                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readhits                 171                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readhits                2980                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readhits                5860                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readhits               13507                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                 27                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                901                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               2280                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses              10677                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                 26                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses               1189                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses               2623                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses              10864                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses                 21                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses               1312                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses              3167                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses             10940                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses                30                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses              1512                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses              3128                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses             10658                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses                21                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses              1133                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses              1967                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses             10926                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses                26                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses              1206                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses              3077                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses             10662                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readmisses                25                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readmisses              1268                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readmisses              2850                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readmisses             10940                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readmisses                21                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readmisses              1340                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readmisses              2748                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readmisses             10653                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                3261                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                3428                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                4819                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                8172                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                3272                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                3315                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                4826                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                8147                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits                3336                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                3287                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits               4860                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits               8275                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               3316                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               3014                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits               4840                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits               8246                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits               3318                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits               3293                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits               4884                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits               8253                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits               3245                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits               3463                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               4871                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits               8260                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writehits               3040                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writehits               3240                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writehits               4964                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writehits               8203                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writehits               3183                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writehits               3231                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writehits               4864                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writehits               8382                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses              1059                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses               860                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses              2285                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses              7380                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses              1048                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses               973                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses              2278                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses              7405                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses               984                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses              1012                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses             2263                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses             7277                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses             1004                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses             1274                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses             2264                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses             7306                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses             1002                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses              995                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses             2220                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses             7299                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses             1075                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses              825                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses             2233                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses             7292                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writemisses             1280                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writemisses             1059                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writemisses             2159                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writemisses             7349                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writemisses             1137                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writemisses             1057                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writemisses             2240                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writemisses             7170                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                 241744                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                 345829                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                 815196                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                2141159                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                 239797                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                 350026                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                 810737                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                2146076                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                 238098                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                 355630                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles                828910                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               2163879                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles                238091                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles                355939                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles                826951                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               2133599                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles                230981                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles                345349                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles                802726                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles               2152686                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles                232527                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles                363623                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles                826183                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               2138344                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.job_cycles                243691                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.job_cycles                347381                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.job_cycles                829755                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.job_cycles               2162271                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.job_cycles                247741                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.job_cycles                362051                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.job_cycles                831358                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.job_cycles               2170852                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles                 35015                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles                199092                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles                762499                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               2024535                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles                 26288                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles                185295                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles                756461                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               2031259                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles                 25404                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles                189407                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles               773032                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              2024272                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles                25671                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles               196151                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles               766269                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              2019750                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles                19108                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles               194137                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles               748737                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles              2034733                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles                17667                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles               179189                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles               763361                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              2024440                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_cycles                19003                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_cycles               183455                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_cycles               775000                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_cycles              2039866                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_cycles                23300                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_cycles               218330                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_cycles               780029                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_cycles              2034081                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             112624                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             396796                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             114473                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             395606                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             115998                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles             370329                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            116841                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            415400                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles            117447                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles            387931                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles            119126                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles            394357                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_cycles            119092                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_cycles            375634                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_cycles            120698                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_cycles            367986                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               418470                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               250097                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles               468734                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               892953                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               433248                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles               278071                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               471168                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles               923753                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles               427060                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles               300320                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles              474453                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles              970859                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles              439072                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles              256274                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles              458436                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles              900559                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles              422041                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles              255734                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles              500288                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles              914244                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles              437645                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles              306616                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles              454916                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles              891780                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_cycles              449931                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_cycles              294626                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_cycles              465571                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_cycles              941884                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_cycles              444657                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_cycles              280272                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_cycles              476875                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_cycles              953991                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time            35015                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time           199092                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time           762499                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          2024535                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time            26288                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time           185295                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time           756461                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          2031259                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time            25404                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time           189407                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time          773032                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         2024272                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time           25671                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time          196151                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time          766269                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         2019750                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time           19108                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time          194137                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time          748737                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time         2034733                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time           17667                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time          179189                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time          763361                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         2024440                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_action_time           19003                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_action_time          183455                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_action_time          775000                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_action_time         2039866                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_action_time           23300                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_action_time          218330                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_action_time          780029                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_action_time         2034081                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time         70944                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time         70704                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time         70704                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time        270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time        70704                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time        70824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time        70464                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_action_time        70584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_action_time        70464                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_action_time       122245                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          196580                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          221850                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time          460070                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          892953                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          200688                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time          240965                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          463127                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time          923753                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time          198494                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time          246657                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time         473420                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time         970859                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time         200973                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time         220595                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time         458436                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time         900559                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time         196835                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time         227490                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time         478333                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time         914244                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time         197707                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time         245318                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time         454916                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time         891780                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_action_time         207757                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_action_time         241396                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_action_time         464758                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_action_time         941884                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_action_time         205722                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_action_time         240118                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_action_time         469889                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_action_time         953991                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time             225867                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time             325536                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time             799900                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            2109431                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time             224175                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time             324233                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time             795441                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            2114348                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time             221515                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time             335757                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time            813614                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           2132151                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time            222171                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time            327165                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time            811655                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           2101871                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time            212370                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time            323536                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time            787430                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time           2120958                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time            214788                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time            334325                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time            810887                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           2106616                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.rw_action_time            225994                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.rw_action_time            327311                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.rw_action_time            814459                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.rw_action_time           2130543                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.rw_action_time            229013                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.rw_action_time            339464                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.rw_action_time            816062                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.rw_action_time           2139124                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles               817                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles              1533                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles              1507                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles             1542                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles              329                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles              404                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_busy_cycles              357                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_busy_cycles              419                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         110658087                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         110791014                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         110985035                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         111416811                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         110657427                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         110791010                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         110985031                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         111416807                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         110657421                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         110791016                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        110985037                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        111416813                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        110657669                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        110791012                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        110985033                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        111416809                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles        110658446                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles        110791021                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles        110985042                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles        111416818                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles        110658391                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles        110791017                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles        110985038                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles        111416814                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_idle_cycles        110658445                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_idle_cycles        110791033                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_idle_cycles        110985054                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_idle_cycles        111416830                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_idle_cycles        110658398                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_idle_cycles        110791029                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_idle_cycles        110985050                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_idle_cycles        111416826                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          1922842                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          2001183                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          2222650                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2854259                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          1929139                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          2014889                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          2230795                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2862945                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          1921951                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          2009342                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         2227970                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         2849968                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         1929301                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         2006473                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         2220435                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         2852849                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles         1922139                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles         1997321                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles         2201844                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles         2876231                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles         1930791                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles         2016600                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles         2218702                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles         2861267                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_stall_cycles         1934592                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_stall_cycles         2006979                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_stall_cycles         2230600                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_stall_cycles         2873120                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_stall_cycles         1930697                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_stall_cycles         2009089                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_stall_cycles         2217874                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_stall_cycles         2882123                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               667                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               977                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0              3035                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0             13695                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0               666                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0              1312                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0              3303                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0             13825                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               613                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0              1464                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0             3769                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0            13732                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0              628                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0             1864                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0             3734                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0            13573                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0              636                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0             1282                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0             2731                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0            13799                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0              692                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0             1186                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0             3688                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0            13558                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_0              842                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_0             1465                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_0             3427                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_0            13834                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_0              711                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_0             1535                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_0             3406                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_0            13400                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              3261                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              3428                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              4819                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              8172                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              3272                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              3315                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              4826                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              8147                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1              3336                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              3287                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             4860                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             8275                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             3316                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             3014                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             4840                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             8246                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1             3318                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1             3293                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1             4884                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1             8253                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1             3245                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1             3463                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1             4871                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1             8260                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_1             3040                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_1             3240                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_1             4964                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_1             8203                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_1             3183                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_1             3231                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_1             4864                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_1             8382                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2                57                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2               597                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              1309                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              2754                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2                55                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2               591                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              1306                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              3070                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2                57                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2               587                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             1124                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2             2803                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2               55                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2              546                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             1305                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             3041                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2               54                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2              570                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2             1323                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             2727                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2               53                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2              630                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2             1227                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2             3064                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_2               56                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_2              474                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_2             1013                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_2             2329                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_2               60                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_2              493                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_2             1119                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_2             2663                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      197363     25.35%     25.35% |      193828     24.90%     50.25% |      193832     24.90%     75.14% |      193519     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       778542                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      119880     25.55%     25.55% |      116468     24.82%     50.37% |      116470     24.82%     75.19% |      116443     24.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       469261                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      197387     25.35%     25.35% |      193828     24.90%     50.25% |      193832     24.90%     75.14% |      193519     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       778566                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      125771     25.52%     25.52% |      122371     24.83%     50.35% |      122373     24.83%     75.18% |      122346     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       492861                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           79                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6080     25.00%     25.00% |        6080     25.00%     50.00% |        6080     25.00%     75.00% |        6080     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24320                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       69291     25.06%     25.06% |       69168     25.01%     50.07% |       69170     25.02%     75.09% |       68884     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       276513                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      197363     25.35%     25.35% |      193828     24.90%     50.25% |      193832     24.90%     75.14% |      193519     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       778542                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          24    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5891     24.96%     24.96% |        5903     25.01%     49.97% |        5903     25.01%     74.99% |        5903     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23600                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          24    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5891     24.96%     24.96% |        5903     25.01%     49.97% |        5903     25.01%     74.99% |        5903     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23600                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      119636     25.54%     25.54% |      116291     24.82%     50.36% |      116293     24.82%     75.18% |      116266     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       468486                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          720                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       69291     25.06%     25.06% |       69168     25.01%     50.07% |       69170     25.02%     75.09% |       68884     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       276513                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      197363     25.35%     25.35% |      193828     24.90%     50.25% |      193832     24.90%     75.14% |      193519     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       778542                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      119636     25.54%     25.54% |      116291     24.82%     50.36% |      116293     24.82%     75.18% |      116266     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       468486                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          720                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          720                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24320                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     4324706     93.56%     93.56% |          48      0.00%     93.56% |       37184      0.80%     94.37% |       37184      0.80%     95.17% |       37186      0.80%     95.98% |       37185      0.80%     96.78% |       37185      0.80%     97.59% |       37184      0.80%     98.39% |       37185      0.80%     99.20% |       37188      0.80%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      4622235                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     3930062    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      3930062                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     7911518     96.94%     96.94% |           0      0.00%     96.94% |       31226      0.38%     97.32% |       31223      0.38%     97.70% |       31221      0.38%     98.09% |       31225      0.38%     98.47% |       31223      0.38%     98.85% |       31218      0.38%     99.23% |       31222      0.38%     99.62% |       31227      0.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      8161303                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       15293     98.09%     98.09% |          48      0.31%     98.40% |          26      0.17%     98.56% |          33      0.21%     98.77% |          17      0.11%     98.88% |          15      0.10%     98.98% |          46      0.30%     99.28% |          57      0.37%     99.64% |          25      0.16%     99.80% |          31      0.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        15591                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      630968     53.93%     53.93% |           0      0.00%     53.93% |       67374      5.76%     59.69% |       67378      5.76%     65.45% |       67392      5.76%     71.21% |       67378      5.76%     76.96% |       67369      5.76%     82.72% |       67376      5.76%     88.48% |       67378      5.76%     94.24% |       67391      5.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1170004                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4      5.80%      5.80% |          11     15.94%     21.74% |          13     18.84%     40.58% |           6      8.70%     49.28% |          11     15.94%     65.22% |           7     10.14%     75.36% |           8     11.59%     86.96% |           9     13.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           69                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          81     48.21%     48.21% |           2      1.19%     49.40% |           8      4.76%     54.17% |          15      8.93%     63.10% |          10      5.95%     69.05% |           6      3.57%     72.62% |          14      8.33%     80.95% |           6      3.57%     84.52% |           8      4.76%     89.29% |          18     10.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total          168                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      169748     36.55%     36.55% |          40      0.01%     36.55% |       36829      7.93%     44.48% |       36844      7.93%     52.42% |       36853      7.93%     60.35% |       36859      7.94%     68.28% |       36822      7.93%     76.21% |       36805      7.92%     84.14% |       36845      7.93%     92.07% |       36840      7.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       464485                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           2      1.19%      1.19% |           8      4.76%      5.95% |          17     10.12%     16.07% |          18     10.71%     26.79% |           6      3.57%     30.36% |           9      5.36%     35.71% |          30     17.86%     53.57% |          50     29.76%     83.33% |          17     10.12%     93.45% |          11      6.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total          168                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      464297     65.16%     65.16% |           0      0.00%     65.16% |       31039      4.36%     69.51% |       31028      4.35%     73.87% |       31042      4.36%     78.22% |       31022      4.35%     82.58% |       31029      4.35%     86.93% |       31033      4.36%     91.29% |       31028      4.35%     95.64% |       31052      4.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       712570                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      506187     48.44%     48.44% |           0      0.00%     48.44% |       67343      6.44%     54.89% |       67334      6.44%     61.33% |       67361      6.45%     67.78% |       67357      6.45%     74.23% |       67313      6.44%     80.67% |       67312      6.44%     87.11% |       67345      6.45%     93.55% |       67351      6.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1044903                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      170789     36.68%     36.68% |          23      0.00%     36.68% |       36847      7.91%     44.59% |       36862      7.92%     52.51% |       36860      7.92%     60.42% |       36868      7.92%     68.34% |       36854      7.91%     76.26% |       36856      7.91%     84.17% |       36862      7.92%     92.09% |       36853      7.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       465674                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122688    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122688                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      338256     57.67%     57.67% |           0      0.00%     57.67% |       31038      5.29%     62.96% |       31028      5.29%     68.25% |       31041      5.29%     73.55% |       31022      5.29%     78.84% |       31027      5.29%     84.13% |       31032      5.29%     89.42% |       31028      5.29%     94.71% |       31050      5.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       586522                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11267     97.83%     97.83% |           0      0.00%     97.83% |          26      0.23%     98.06% |          33      0.29%     98.34% |          17      0.15%     98.49% |          15      0.13%     98.62% |          46      0.40%     99.02% |          57      0.49%     99.51% |          25      0.22%     99.73% |          31      0.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11517                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         863     97.18%     97.18% |          25      2.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          888                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        1409    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         1409                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          43    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           43                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         830     92.53%     92.53% |           0      0.00%     92.53% |           4      0.45%     92.98% |          11      1.23%     94.20% |          12      1.34%     95.54% |           6      0.67%     96.21% |          10      1.11%     97.32% |           7      0.78%     98.10% |           8      0.89%     99.00% |           9      1.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total          897                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       20594     99.84%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           1      0.00%     99.85% |           4      0.02%     99.87% |           0      0.00%     99.87% |           0      0.00%     99.87% |          11      0.05%     99.92% |          14      0.07%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        20626                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     3805908    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      3805908                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        2320     99.57%     99.57% |          10      0.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         2330                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      123692     99.80%     99.80% |           0      0.00%     99.80% |          26      0.02%     99.82% |          33      0.03%     99.85% |          16      0.01%     99.86% |          15      0.01%     99.87% |          46      0.04%     99.91% |          57      0.05%     99.95% |          25      0.02%     99.97% |          31      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       123941                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     2218771     99.88%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |         336      0.02%     99.90% |         318      0.01%     99.91% |         324      0.01%     99.93% |         316      0.01%     99.94% |         319      0.01%     99.96% |         314      0.01%     99.97% |         320      0.01%     99.99% |         331      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      2221349                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       29113    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        29113                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1528     97.57%     97.57% |          38      2.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         1566                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      139020     32.17%     32.17% |           0      0.00%     32.17% |       36646      8.48%     40.66% |       36637      8.48%     49.14% |       36652      8.48%     57.62% |       36642      8.48%     66.10% |       36598      8.47%     74.57% |       36576      8.47%     83.03% |       36679      8.49%     91.52% |       36631      8.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       432081                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      2.33%      2.33% |           8      9.30%     11.63% |          15     17.44%     29.07% |           9     10.47%     39.53% |           6      6.98%     46.51% |          14     16.28%     62.79% |           6      6.98%     69.77% |           8      9.30%     79.07% |          18     20.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total           86                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     1912415    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      1912415                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     7543961     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |         181      0.00%     99.98% |         192      0.00%     99.99% |         179      0.00%     99.99% |         201      0.00%     99.99% |         192      0.00%     99.99% |         183      0.00%    100.00% |         192      0.00%    100.00% |         171      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      7545452                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         178    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          178                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      367167     59.91%     59.91% |           0      0.00%     59.91% |       30697      5.01%     64.92% |       30697      5.01%     69.93% |       30709      5.01%     74.94% |       30715      5.01%     79.96% |       30715      5.01%     84.97% |       30736      5.02%     89.98% |       30666      5.00%     94.99% |       30720      5.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       612822                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4      5.97%      5.97% |          11     16.42%     22.39% |          12     17.91%     40.30% |           6      8.96%     49.25% |          10     14.93%     64.18% |           7     10.45%     74.63% |           8     11.94%     86.57% |           9     13.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           67                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total           81                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         249    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          249                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      169748     36.55%     36.55% |          40      0.01%     36.55% |       36829      7.93%     44.48% |       36844      7.93%     52.42% |       36853      7.93%     60.35% |       36859      7.94%     68.28% |       36822      7.93%     76.21% |       36805      7.92%     84.14% |       36845      7.93%     92.07% |       36840      7.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       464485                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           2      1.19%      1.19% |           8      4.76%      5.95% |          17     10.12%     16.07% |          18     10.71%     26.79% |           6      3.57%     30.36% |           9      5.36%     35.71% |          30     17.86%     53.57% |          50     29.76%     83.33% |          17     10.12%     93.45% |          11      6.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total          168                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      125998     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       126005                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          10     71.43%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           3     21.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           14                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      338299     57.67%     57.67% |           0      0.00%     57.67% |       31038      5.29%     62.97% |       31028      5.29%     68.26% |       31041      5.29%     73.55% |       31022      5.29%     78.84% |       31027      5.29%     84.13% |       31032      5.29%     89.42% |       31028      5.29%     94.71% |       31050      5.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       586565                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1274     99.30%     99.30% |           0      0.00%     99.30% |           0      0.00%     99.30% |           0      0.00%     99.30% |           2      0.16%     99.45% |           1      0.08%     99.53% |           1      0.08%     99.61% |           0      0.00%     99.61% |           1      0.08%     99.69% |           4      0.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1283                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          57    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           57                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         122     81.33%     81.33% |           0      0.00%     81.33% |           7      4.67%     86.00% |           3      2.00%     88.00% |           1      0.67%     88.67% |           2      1.33%     90.00% |           4      2.67%     92.67% |           3      2.00%     94.67% |           2      1.33%     96.00% |           6      4.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          150                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      506187     48.44%     48.44% |           0      0.00%     48.44% |       67343      6.44%     54.89% |       67334      6.44%     61.33% |       67359      6.45%     67.78% |       67357      6.45%     74.23% |       67312      6.44%     80.67% |       67312      6.44%     87.11% |       67345      6.45%     93.55% |       67351      6.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1044900                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     66.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3867      3.12%      3.12% |        3801      3.06%      6.18% |        3548      2.86%      9.04% |        3504      2.82%     11.86% |        3571      2.88%     14.74% |        4048      3.26%     18.00% |        3753      3.02%     21.02% |        3280      2.64%     23.66% |        3556      2.86%     26.53% |        5141      4.14%     30.67% |        3963      3.19%     33.86% |        3819      3.08%     36.94% |        3561      2.87%     39.81% |        4324      3.48%     43.29% |        3867      3.12%     46.41% |        3737      3.01%     49.42% |        4117      3.32%     52.74% |        4155      3.35%     56.08% |        3673      2.96%     59.04% |        3383      2.73%     61.77% |        3062      2.47%     64.23% |        3703      2.98%     67.22% |        3479      2.80%     70.02% |        3352      2.70%     72.72% |        3636      2.93%     75.65% |        3694      2.98%     78.63% |        3244      2.61%     81.24% |        4615      3.72%     84.96% |        3980      3.21%     88.16% |        5203      4.19%     92.36% |        5069      4.08%     96.44% |        4418      3.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       124123                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       55091     11.81%     11.81% |       13895      2.98%     14.78% |       12703      2.72%     17.50% |       13625      2.92%     20.42% |       12825      2.75%     23.17% |       12692      2.72%     25.89% |       12284      2.63%     28.52% |       12557      2.69%     31.22% |       12940      2.77%     33.99% |       12817      2.75%     36.73% |       14970      3.21%     39.94% |       13305      2.85%     42.79% |       12856      2.75%     45.55% |       12823      2.75%     48.30% |       12202      2.61%     50.91% |       12582      2.70%     53.61% |       13677      2.93%     56.54% |       12730      2.73%     59.27% |       13116      2.81%     62.08% |       13150      2.82%     64.89% |       13665      2.93%     67.82% |       16831      3.61%     71.43% |       12781      2.74%     74.17% |       12926      2.77%     76.94% |       12862      2.76%     79.69% |       13003      2.79%     82.48% |       12522      2.68%     85.16% |       12247      2.62%     87.79% |       13259      2.84%     90.63% |       12623      2.70%     93.33% |       13615      2.92%     96.25% |       17498      3.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       466672                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       22435      3.82%      3.82% |       18989      3.24%      7.06% |       16801      2.86%      9.93% |       18817      3.21%     13.13% |       16979      2.89%     16.03% |       17073      2.91%     18.94% |       16826      2.87%     21.81% |       17153      2.92%     24.73% |       17472      2.98%     27.71% |       17179      2.93%     30.64% |       17608      3.00%     33.64% |       17569      3.00%     36.64% |       17679      3.01%     39.65% |       17488      2.98%     42.63% |       17424      2.97%     45.60% |       17619      3.00%     48.61% |       17850      3.04%     51.65% |       17592      3.00%     54.65% |       17893      3.05%     57.70% |       18510      3.16%     60.85% |       18470      3.15%     64.00% |       20244      3.45%     67.45% |       18480      3.15%     70.60% |       18330      3.12%     73.73% |       18407      3.14%     76.87% |       18252      3.11%     79.98% |       18651      3.18%     83.16% |       18645      3.18%     86.34% |       19432      3.31%     89.65% |       19538      3.33%     92.98% |       20537      3.50%     96.48% |       20642      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       586584                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.35%      4.35% |           0      0.00%      4.35% |           1      4.35%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           1      4.35%     21.74% |           0      0.00%     21.74% |           1      4.35%     26.09% |           1      4.35%     30.43% |          10     43.48%     73.91% |           2      8.70%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           2      8.70%     91.30% |           2      8.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       75557      7.23%      7.23% |       32684      3.13%     10.36% |       29299      2.80%     13.16% |       32195      3.08%     16.24% |       29603      2.83%     19.08% |       29494      2.82%     21.90% |       28903      2.77%     24.67% |       29512      2.82%     27.49% |       30210      2.89%     30.38% |       29809      2.85%     33.23% |       32345      3.10%     36.33% |       30690      2.94%     39.27% |       30344      2.90%     42.17% |       30126      2.88%     45.05% |       29419      2.82%     47.87% |       30020      2.87%     50.74% |       31299      3.00%     53.74% |       30136      2.88%     56.62% |       30777      2.95%     59.57% |       31442      3.01%     62.58% |       31921      3.05%     65.63% |       36802      3.52%     69.15% |       31068      2.97%     72.13% |       31064      2.97%     75.10% |       31073      2.97%     78.07% |       31057      2.97%     81.05% |       30982      2.97%     84.01% |       30694      2.94%     86.95% |       32503      3.11%     90.06% |       31973      3.06%     93.12% |       33962      3.25%     96.37% |       37939      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1044902                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       17863      3.81%      3.81% |       14532      3.10%      6.92% |       14542      3.10%     10.02% |       14526      3.10%     13.12% |       14509      3.10%     16.22% |       14518      3.10%     19.32% |       14529      3.10%     22.42% |       14529      3.10%     25.52% |       14540      3.10%     28.63% |       14548      3.11%     31.73% |       14543      3.10%     34.84% |       14538      3.10%     37.94% |       14524      3.10%     41.04% |       14533      3.10%     44.15% |       14526      3.10%     47.25% |       14522      3.10%     50.35% |       14572      3.11%     53.46% |       14538      3.10%     56.56% |       14543      3.10%     59.67% |       14539      3.10%     62.77% |       14524      3.10%     65.87% |       14547      3.11%     68.98% |       14533      3.10%     72.08% |       14535      3.10%     75.18% |       14547      3.11%     78.29% |       14544      3.11%     81.39% |       14536      3.10%     84.50% |       14531      3.10%     87.60% |       14529      3.10%     90.70% |       14507      3.10%     93.80% |       14520      3.10%     96.90% |       14522      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       468389                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        8856      3.20%      3.20% |        8697      3.14%      6.35% |        8704      3.15%      9.49% |        8644      3.12%     12.62% |        8633      3.12%     15.74% |        8612      3.11%     18.85% |        8618      3.12%     21.97% |        8626      3.12%     25.09% |        8626      3.12%     28.20% |        8671      3.13%     31.34% |        8698      3.14%     34.48% |        8640      3.12%     37.61% |        8666      3.13%     40.74% |        8628      3.12%     43.86% |        8674      3.14%     46.99% |        8607      3.11%     50.11% |        8658      3.13%     53.24% |        8630      3.12%     56.36% |        8626      3.12%     59.47% |        8607      3.11%     62.59% |        8622      3.12%     65.70% |        8643      3.12%     68.83% |        8620      3.12%     71.94% |        8588      3.10%     75.05% |        8632      3.12%     78.17% |        8665      3.13%     81.30% |        8642      3.12%     84.43% |        8588      3.10%     87.53% |        8627      3.12%     90.65% |        8646      3.13%     93.78% |        8609      3.11%     96.89% |        8608      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       276611                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       27833      3.58%      3.58% |       24276      3.12%      6.69% |       24293      3.12%      9.81% |       24217      3.11%     12.92% |       24188      3.11%     16.03% |       24176      3.11%     19.14% |       24193      3.11%     22.24% |       24201      3.11%     25.35% |       24212      3.11%     28.46% |       24265      3.12%     31.58% |       24287      3.12%     34.70% |       24224      3.11%     37.81% |       24236      3.11%     40.92% |       24207      3.11%     44.03% |       24246      3.11%     47.15% |       24175      3.11%     50.25% |       24276      3.12%     53.37% |       24214      3.11%     56.48% |       24215      3.11%     59.59% |       24192      3.11%     62.70% |       24191      3.11%     65.80% |       24236      3.11%     68.92% |       24199      3.11%     72.03% |       24169      3.10%     75.13% |       24225      3.11%     78.24% |       24255      3.12%     81.36% |       24224      3.11%     84.47% |       24165      3.10%     87.57% |       24202      3.11%     90.68% |       24199      3.11%     93.79% |       24175      3.11%     96.89% |       24176      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       778542                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       26809      3.59%      3.59% |       23252      3.12%      6.71% |       23269      3.12%      9.83% |       23193      3.11%     12.94% |       23164      3.11%     16.05% |       23152      3.10%     19.15% |       23169      3.11%     22.26% |       23177      3.11%     25.37% |       23188      3.11%     28.48% |       23241      3.12%     31.59% |       23263      3.12%     34.71% |       23200      3.11%     37.82% |       23212      3.11%     40.94% |       23183      3.11%     44.04% |       23222      3.11%     47.16% |       23151      3.10%     50.26% |       23252      3.12%     53.38% |       23190      3.11%     56.49% |       23191      3.11%     59.60% |       23168      3.11%     62.71% |       23167      3.11%     65.81% |       23212      3.11%     68.93% |       23175      3.11%     72.03% |       23145      3.10%     75.14% |       23201      3.11%     78.25% |       23231      3.12%     81.36% |       23200      3.11%     84.47% |       23141      3.10%     87.58% |       23178      3.11%     90.68% |       23175      3.11%     93.79% |       23151      3.10%     96.90% |       23152      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       745774                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          57     22.01%     22.01% |           2      0.77%     22.78% |           5      1.93%     24.71% |           5      1.93%     26.64% |           4      1.54%     28.19% |           4      1.54%     29.73% |           4      1.54%     31.27% |           5      1.93%     33.20% |           7      2.70%     35.91% |           4      1.54%     37.45% |           6      2.32%     39.77% |           4      1.54%     41.31% |           5      1.93%     43.24% |           3      1.16%     44.40% |           4      1.54%     45.95% |           3      1.16%     47.10% |           4      1.54%     48.65% |           3      1.16%     49.81% |           9      3.47%     53.28% |          10      3.86%     57.14% |          19      7.34%     64.48% |          19      7.34%     71.81% |           9      3.47%     75.29% |          10      3.86%     79.15% |           7      2.70%     81.85% |           8      3.09%     84.94% |           7      2.70%     87.64% |           9      3.47%     91.12% |           7      2.70%     93.82% |           6      2.32%     96.14% |           7      2.70%     98.84% |           3      1.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          259                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |          40     45.98%     45.98% |           0      0.00%     45.98% |           0      0.00%     45.98% |          16     18.39%     64.37% |           0      0.00%     64.37% |           0      0.00%     64.37% |           0      0.00%     64.37% |           0      0.00%     64.37% |           0      0.00%     64.37% |           0      0.00%     64.37% |           0      0.00%     64.37% |           0      0.00%     64.37% |           0      0.00%     64.37% |           0      0.00%     64.37% |           0      0.00%     64.37% |           0      0.00%     64.37% |          13     14.94%     79.31% |           0      0.00%     79.31% |           0      0.00%     79.31% |          16     18.39%     97.70% |           0      0.00%     97.70% |           0      0.00%     97.70% |           0      0.00%     97.70% |           0      0.00%     97.70% |           0      0.00%     97.70% |           0      0.00%     97.70% |           0      0.00%     97.70% |           2      2.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total           87                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |          42     24.56%     24.56% |           2      1.17%     25.73% |           1      0.58%     26.32% |          23     13.45%     39.77% |           3      1.75%     41.52% |           3      1.75%     43.27% |           4      2.34%     45.61% |           3      1.75%     47.37% |           5      2.92%     50.29% |           3      1.75%     52.05% |           2      1.17%     53.22% |           2      1.17%     54.39% |           3      1.75%     56.14% |           3      1.75%     57.89% |           4      2.34%     60.23% |           3      1.75%     61.99% |          16      9.36%     71.35% |           1      0.58%     71.93% |           2      1.17%     73.10% |          16      9.36%     82.46% |           1      0.58%     83.04% |           0      0.00%     83.04% |           1      0.58%     83.63% |           2      1.17%     84.80% |           3      1.75%     86.55% |           5      2.92%     89.47% |           4      2.34%     91.81% |           5      2.92%     94.74% |           3      1.75%     96.49% |           2      1.17%     97.66% |           2      1.17%     98.83% |           2      1.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total          171                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         560      3.67%      3.67% |         473      3.10%      6.78% |         467      3.06%      9.84% |         469      3.08%     12.92% |         461      3.02%     15.94% |         457      3.00%     18.94% |         468      3.07%     22.01% |         471      3.09%     25.10% |         460      3.02%     28.12% |         464      3.04%     31.17% |         510      3.35%     34.51% |         484      3.18%     37.69% |         502      3.29%     40.98% |         476      3.12%     44.11% |         499      3.27%     47.38% |         481      3.16%     50.54% |         508      3.33%     53.87% |         486      3.19%     57.06% |         470      3.08%     60.14% |         461      3.02%     63.17% |         438      2.87%     66.04% |         484      3.18%     69.22% |         453      2.97%     72.19% |         443      2.91%     75.10% |         483      3.17%     78.27% |         499      3.27%     81.54% |         488      3.20%     84.74% |         454      2.98%     87.72% |         463      3.04%     90.76% |         474      3.11%     93.87% |         472      3.10%     96.97% |         462      3.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        15240                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |          41     24.40%     24.40% |           2      1.19%     25.60% |           1      0.60%     26.19% |          19     11.31%     37.50% |           3      1.79%     39.29% |           3      1.79%     41.07% |           4      2.38%     43.45% |           3      1.79%     45.24% |           5      2.98%     48.21% |           3      1.79%     50.00% |           2      1.19%     51.19% |           2      1.19%     52.38% |           3      1.79%     54.17% |           3      1.79%     55.95% |           4      2.38%     58.33% |           3      1.79%     60.12% |          16      9.52%     69.64% |           1      0.60%     70.24% |           2      1.19%     71.43% |          16      9.52%     80.95% |           1      0.60%     81.55% |           0      0.00%     81.55% |           1      0.60%     82.14% |           2      1.19%     83.33% |           3      1.79%     85.12% |           5      2.98%     88.10% |           4      2.38%     90.48% |           7      4.17%     94.64% |           3      1.79%     96.43% |           2      1.19%     97.62% |           2      1.19%     98.81% |           2      1.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total          168                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       75912      7.22%      7.22% |       32868      3.13%     10.35% |       29488      2.81%     13.15% |       32395      3.08%     16.24% |       29785      2.83%     19.07% |       29679      2.82%     21.89% |       29083      2.77%     24.66% |       29699      2.83%     27.49% |       30398      2.89%     30.38% |       29991      2.85%     33.23% |       32546      3.10%     36.33% |       30868      2.94%     39.27% |       30528      2.90%     42.17% |       30304      2.88%     45.05% |       29600      2.82%     47.87% |       30194      2.87%     50.74% |       31504      3.00%     53.74% |       30316      2.88%     56.62% |       30951      2.94%     59.57% |       31639      3.01%     62.58% |       32123      3.06%     65.63% |       37031      3.52%     69.16% |       31256      2.97%     72.13% |       31248      2.97%     75.10% |       31259      2.97%     78.08% |       31240      2.97%     81.05% |       31166      2.97%     84.02% |       30882      2.94%     86.95% |       32686      3.11%     90.06% |       32158      3.06%     93.12% |       34147      3.25%     96.37% |       38129      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1051073                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         180     11.61%     11.61% |          46      2.97%     14.58% |          46      2.97%     17.55% |          46      2.97%     20.52% |          44      2.84%     23.35% |          44      2.84%     26.19% |          44      2.84%     29.03% |          44      2.84%     31.87% |          44      2.84%     34.71% |          44      2.84%     37.55% |          44      2.84%     40.39% |          44      2.84%     43.23% |          44      2.84%     46.06% |          44      2.84%     48.90% |          44      2.84%     51.74% |          44      2.84%     54.58% |          44      2.84%     57.42% |          44      2.84%     60.26% |          44      2.84%     63.10% |          44      2.84%     65.94% |          44      2.84%     68.77% |          44      2.84%     71.61% |          44      2.84%     74.45% |          44      2.84%     77.29% |          44      2.84%     80.13% |          44      2.84%     82.97% |          44      2.84%     85.81% |          44      2.84%     88.65% |          44      2.84%     91.48% |          44      2.84%     94.32% |          44      2.84%     97.16% |          44      2.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1550                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         447      3.31%      3.31% |         421      3.12%      6.43% |         415      3.07%      9.50% |         404      2.99%     12.49% |         410      3.04%     15.53% |         401      2.97%     18.49% |         414      3.07%     21.56% |         418      3.09%     24.65% |         407      3.01%     27.67% |         417      3.09%     30.75% |         443      3.28%     34.03% |         437      3.24%     37.27% |         450      3.33%     40.60% |         428      3.17%     43.77% |         448      3.32%     47.09% |         440      3.26%     50.34% |         450      3.33%     53.68% |         440      3.26%     56.93% |         434      3.21%     60.15% |         407      3.01%     63.16% |         386      2.86%     66.02% |         409      3.03%     69.05% |         404      2.99%     72.04% |         395      2.92%     74.96% |         427      3.16%     78.12% |         447      3.31%     81.43% |         437      3.24%     84.67% |         401      2.97%     87.64% |         416      3.08%     90.72% |         426      3.15%     93.87% |         425      3.15%     97.02% |         403      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        13507                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       12406      4.30%      4.30% |        8970      3.11%      7.41% |        8988      3.12%     10.53% |        8922      3.09%     13.63% |        8895      3.09%     16.71% |        8884      3.08%     19.79% |        8885      3.08%     22.87% |        8896      3.09%     25.96% |        8910      3.09%     29.05% |        8949      3.10%     32.15% |        8964      3.11%     35.26% |        8885      3.08%     38.34% |        8894      3.08%     41.43% |        8886      3.08%     44.51% |        8910      3.09%     47.60% |        8852      3.07%     50.67% |        8904      3.09%     53.76% |        8878      3.08%     56.84% |        8884      3.08%     59.92% |        8884      3.08%     63.00% |        8892      3.08%     66.09% |        8906      3.09%     69.17% |        8909      3.09%     72.26% |        8876      3.08%     75.34% |        8890      3.08%     78.43% |        8909      3.09%     81.52% |        8885      3.08%     84.60% |        8871      3.08%     87.68% |        8899      3.09%     90.76% |        8890      3.08%     93.85% |        8855      3.07%     96.92% |        8891      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       288319                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       14980      3.14%      3.14% |       14885      3.12%      6.26% |       14890      3.12%      9.39% |       14891      3.12%     12.51% |       14883      3.12%     15.63% |       14891      3.12%     18.76% |       14894      3.12%     21.88% |       14887      3.12%     25.00% |       14895      3.12%     28.13% |       14899      3.13%     31.25% |       14880      3.12%     34.38% |       14902      3.13%     37.50% |       14892      3.12%     40.63% |       14893      3.12%     43.75% |       14888      3.12%     46.87% |       14883      3.12%     49.99% |       14922      3.13%     53.12% |       14896      3.12%     56.25% |       14897      3.12%     59.37% |       14901      3.13%     62.50% |       14914      3.13%     65.63% |       14921      3.13%     68.76% |       14886      3.12%     71.88% |       14898      3.13%     75.01% |       14908      3.13%     78.13% |       14899      3.13%     81.26% |       14902      3.13%     84.38% |       14893      3.12%     87.51% |       14887      3.12%     90.63% |       14883      3.12%     93.75% |       14895      3.12%     96.88% |       14882      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       476717                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3416      3.09%      3.09% |        3372      3.05%      6.14% |        3131      2.83%      8.98% |        3095      2.80%     11.78% |        3159      2.86%     14.64% |        3642      3.30%     17.93% |        3333      3.02%     20.95% |        2861      2.59%     23.54% |        3146      2.85%     26.39% |        4724      4.28%     30.66% |        3518      3.18%     33.84% |        3378      3.06%     36.90% |        3108      2.81%     39.71% |        3896      3.53%     43.24% |        3415      3.09%     46.33% |        3297      2.98%     49.31% |        3665      3.32%     52.63% |        3712      3.36%     55.99% |        3224      2.92%     58.91% |        2966      2.68%     61.59% |        2675      2.42%     64.01% |        3293      2.98%     66.99% |        3073      2.78%     69.77% |        2954      2.67%     72.45% |        3204      2.90%     75.35% |        3245      2.94%     78.28% |        2803      2.54%     80.82% |        4211      3.81%     84.63% |        3552      3.21%     87.85% |        4776      4.32%     92.17% |        4640      4.20%     96.37% |        4013      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110497                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1562     81.99%     81.99% |          12      0.63%     82.62% |          13      0.68%     83.31% |          24      1.26%     84.57% |          13      0.68%     85.25% |          82      4.30%     89.55% |          22      1.15%     90.71% |           8      0.42%     91.13% |           7      0.37%     91.50% |           0      0.00%     91.50% |          15      0.79%     92.28% |           3      0.16%     92.44% |           3      0.16%     92.60% |           3      0.16%     92.76% |          20      1.05%     93.81% |           2      0.10%     93.91% |           6      0.31%     94.23% |           5      0.26%     94.49% |          65      3.41%     97.90% |           3      0.16%     98.06% |           0      0.00%     98.06% |           5      0.26%     98.32% |           2      0.10%     98.43% |           2      0.10%     98.53% |           5      0.26%     98.79% |           8      0.42%     99.21% |           3      0.16%     99.37% |           3      0.16%     99.53% |           0      0.00%     99.53% |           0      0.00%     99.53% |           1      0.05%     99.58% |           8      0.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         1905                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           2      7.69%      7.69% |           6     23.08%     30.77% |           1      3.85%     34.62% |           2      7.69%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           1      3.85%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           4     15.38%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           1      3.85%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           1      3.85%     69.23% |           3     11.54%     80.77% |           1      3.85%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      3.85%     88.46% |           0      0.00%     88.46% |           1      3.85%     92.31% |           2      7.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.35%      4.35% |           0      0.00%      4.35% |           1      4.35%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           1      4.35%     21.74% |           0      0.00%     21.74% |           1      4.35%     26.09% |           1      4.35%     30.43% |          10     43.48%     73.91% |           2      8.70%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           2      8.70%     91.30% |           2      8.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |          18     12.95%     12.95% |           3      2.16%     15.11% |           2      1.44%     16.55% |          12      8.63%     25.18% |           3      2.16%     27.34% |           5      3.60%     30.94% |           6      4.32%     35.25% |           3      2.16%     37.41% |           5      3.60%     41.01% |           3      2.16%     43.17% |           2      1.44%     44.60% |           2      1.44%     46.04% |           4      2.88%     48.92% |           3      2.16%     51.08% |           5      3.60%     54.68% |           3      2.16%     56.83% |          15     10.79%     67.63% |           1      0.72%     68.35% |           3      2.16%     70.50% |           7      5.04%     75.54% |           1      0.72%     76.26% |           0      0.00%     76.26% |           1      0.72%     76.98% |           2      1.44%     78.42% |           4      2.88%     81.29% |           5      3.60%     84.89% |           5      3.60%     88.49% |           6      4.32%     92.81% |           3      2.16%     94.96% |           2      1.44%     96.40% |           2      1.44%     97.84% |           3      2.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total          139                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         471      3.48%      3.48% |         421      3.11%      6.59% |         412      3.04%      9.63% |         412      3.04%     12.68% |         411      3.04%     15.71% |         402      2.97%     18.68% |         417      3.08%     21.77% |         417      3.08%     24.85% |         407      3.01%     27.85% |         415      3.07%     30.92% |         445      3.29%     34.21% |         438      3.24%     37.44% |         448      3.31%     40.75% |         428      3.16%     43.92% |         448      3.31%     47.23% |         438      3.24%     50.46% |         449      3.32%     53.78% |         439      3.24%     57.02% |         432      3.19%     60.21% |         412      3.04%     63.26% |         385      2.84%     66.10% |         407      3.01%     69.11% |         404      2.98%     72.09% |         398      2.94%     75.04% |         430      3.18%     78.21% |         449      3.32%     81.53% |         437      3.23%     84.76% |         400      2.96%     87.71% |         414      3.06%     90.77% |         424      3.13%     93.90% |         422      3.12%     97.02% |         403      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        13535                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      4.30%      4.30% |           8      8.60%     12.90% |           2      2.15%     15.05% |           5      5.38%     20.43% |           2      2.15%     22.58% |           5      5.38%     27.96% |           6      6.45%     34.41% |           0      0.00%     34.41% |           3      3.23%     37.63% |           0      0.00%     37.63% |           2      2.15%     39.78% |           2      2.15%     41.94% |           3      3.23%     45.16% |           0      0.00%     45.16% |           4      4.30%     49.46% |           0      0.00%     49.46% |           1      1.08%     50.54% |           3      3.23%     53.76% |          15     16.13%     69.89% |           3      3.23%     73.12% |           1      1.08%     74.19% |           1      1.08%     75.27% |           2      2.15%     77.42% |           3      3.23%     80.65% |           5      5.38%     86.02% |           2      2.15%     88.17% |           4      4.30%     92.47% |           3      3.23%     95.70% |           1      1.08%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           1      1.08%     97.85% |           2      2.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           93                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       41076     23.32%     23.32% |        4909      2.79%     26.10% |        3698      2.10%     28.20% |        4656      2.64%     30.84% |        3911      2.22%     33.07% |        3722      2.11%     35.18% |        3372      1.91%     37.09% |        3650      2.07%     39.16% |        4016      2.28%     41.44% |        3863      2.19%     43.64% |        5974      3.39%     47.03% |        4413      2.50%     49.53% |        3955      2.25%     51.78% |        3930      2.23%     54.01% |        3265      1.85%     55.86% |        3723      2.11%     57.97% |        4750      2.70%     60.67% |        3845      2.18%     62.85% |        4164      2.36%     65.22% |        4243      2.41%     67.63% |        4766      2.71%     70.33% |        7889      4.48%     74.81% |        3867      2.20%     77.00% |        4042      2.29%     79.30% |        3962      2.25%     81.55% |        4079      2.32%     83.86% |        3628      2.06%     85.92% |        3364      1.91%     87.83% |        4355      2.47%     90.30% |        3730      2.12%     92.42% |        4755      2.70%     95.12% |        8596      4.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       176168                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        7393      6.74%      6.74% |        4098      3.73%     10.47% |        1910      1.74%     12.21% |        3924      3.58%     15.79% |        2096      1.91%     17.70% |        2182      1.99%     19.68% |        1932      1.76%     21.44% |        2266      2.06%     23.51% |        2576      2.35%     25.86% |        2280      2.08%     27.93% |        2728      2.49%     30.42% |        2667      2.43%     32.85% |        2783      2.54%     35.38% |        2595      2.36%     37.75% |        2535      2.31%     40.06% |        2736      2.49%     42.55% |        2913      2.65%     45.21% |        2695      2.46%     47.66% |        2993      2.73%     50.39% |        3608      3.29%     53.68% |        3551      3.24%     56.91% |        5315      4.84%     61.75% |        3594      3.27%     65.03% |        3432      3.13%     68.15% |        3498      3.19%     71.34% |        3353      3.06%     74.40% |        3748      3.41%     77.81% |        3750      3.42%     81.23% |        4545      4.14%     85.37% |        4655      4.24%     89.61% |        5642      5.14%     94.75% |        5760      5.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       109753                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       17842      3.81%      3.81% |       14526      3.10%      6.91% |       14536      3.10%     10.02% |       14512      3.10%     13.12% |       14504      3.10%     16.22% |       14511      3.10%     19.32% |       14520      3.10%     22.42% |       14524      3.10%     25.52% |       14534      3.10%     28.62% |       14543      3.11%     31.73% |       14537      3.11%     34.84% |       14534      3.10%     37.94% |       14519      3.10%     41.04% |       14529      3.10%     44.14% |       14520      3.10%     47.25% |       14518      3.10%     50.35% |       14555      3.11%     53.46% |       14535      3.10%     56.56% |       14537      3.11%     59.67% |       14530      3.10%     62.77% |       14521      3.10%     65.87% |       14543      3.11%     68.98% |       14529      3.10%     72.08% |       14532      3.10%     75.18% |       14541      3.11%     78.29% |       14536      3.10%     81.39% |       14528      3.10%     84.50% |       14523      3.10%     87.60% |       14522      3.10%     90.70% |       14501      3.10%     93.80% |       14515      3.10%     96.90% |       14516      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       468173                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        8316      3.18%      3.18% |        8230      3.15%      6.33% |        8239      3.15%      9.48% |        8187      3.13%     12.61% |        8176      3.13%     15.74% |        8161      3.12%     18.86% |        8159      3.12%     21.98% |        8159      3.12%     25.10% |        8170      3.12%     28.22% |        8211      3.14%     31.36% |        8190      3.13%     34.50% |        8158      3.12%     37.62% |        8167      3.12%     40.74% |        8156      3.12%     43.86% |        8181      3.13%     46.99% |        8130      3.11%     50.10% |        8166      3.12%     53.22% |        8145      3.12%     56.34% |        8155      3.12%     59.46% |        8145      3.12%     62.57% |        8169      3.12%     65.69% |        8144      3.11%     68.81% |        8163      3.12%     71.93% |        8141      3.11%     75.05% |        8151      3.12%     78.16% |        8171      3.13%     81.29% |        8159      3.12%     84.41% |        8138      3.11%     87.52% |        8167      3.12%     90.64% |        8174      3.13%     93.77% |        8137      3.11%     96.88% |        8151      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       261466                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          35      4.87%      4.87% |          23      3.20%      8.08% |          23      3.20%     11.28% |          23      3.20%     14.48% |          22      3.06%     17.55% |          22      3.06%     20.61% |          22      3.06%     23.68% |          21      2.92%     26.60% |          22      3.06%     29.67% |          22      3.06%     32.73% |          22      3.06%     35.79% |          22      3.06%     38.86% |          22      3.06%     41.92% |          22      3.06%     44.99% |          22      3.06%     48.05% |          22      3.06%     51.11% |          22      3.06%     54.18% |          22      3.06%     57.24% |          22      3.06%     60.31% |          22      3.06%     63.37% |          22      3.06%     66.43% |          22      3.06%     69.50% |          22      3.06%     72.56% |          21      2.92%     75.49% |          22      3.06%     78.55% |          22      3.06%     81.62% |          22      3.06%     84.68% |          22      3.06%     87.74% |          22      3.06%     90.81% |          22      3.06%     93.87% |          22      3.06%     96.94% |          22      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          718                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |          41     24.40%     24.40% |           2      1.19%     25.60% |           1      0.60%     26.19% |          19     11.31%     37.50% |           3      1.79%     39.29% |           3      1.79%     41.07% |           4      2.38%     43.45% |           3      1.79%     45.24% |           5      2.98%     48.21% |           3      1.79%     50.00% |           2      1.19%     51.19% |           2      1.19%     52.38% |           3      1.79%     54.17% |           3      1.79%     55.95% |           4      2.38%     58.33% |           3      1.79%     60.12% |          16      9.52%     69.64% |           1      0.60%     70.24% |           2      1.19%     71.43% |          16      9.52%     80.95% |           1      0.60%     81.55% |           0      0.00%     81.55% |           1      0.60%     82.14% |           2      1.19%     83.33% |           3      1.79%     85.12% |           5      2.98%     88.10% |           4      2.38%     90.48% |           7      4.17%     94.64% |           3      1.79%     96.43% |           2      1.19%     97.62% |           2      1.19%     98.81% |           2      1.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total          168                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |          55     79.71%     79.71% |           0      0.00%     79.71% |           0      0.00%     79.71% |           0      0.00%     79.71% |           0      0.00%     79.71% |           0      0.00%     79.71% |           0      0.00%     79.71% |           0      0.00%     79.71% |           0      0.00%     79.71% |           0      0.00%     79.71% |           0      0.00%     79.71% |           0      0.00%     79.71% |           0      0.00%     79.71% |           0      0.00%     79.71% |           0      0.00%     79.71% |           0      0.00%     79.71% |          14     20.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total           69                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       75555      7.23%      7.23% |       32684      3.13%     10.36% |       29299      2.80%     13.16% |       32195      3.08%     16.24% |       29603      2.83%     19.08% |       29494      2.82%     21.90% |       28903      2.77%     24.67% |       29512      2.82%     27.49% |       30210      2.89%     30.38% |       29809      2.85%     33.23% |       32345      3.10%     36.33% |       30690      2.94%     39.27% |       30344      2.90%     42.17% |       30126      2.88%     45.05% |       29419      2.82%     47.87% |       30020      2.87%     50.74% |       31299      3.00%     53.74% |       30136      2.88%     56.62% |       30777      2.95%     59.57% |       31442      3.01%     62.58% |       31921      3.05%     65.63% |       36802      3.52%     69.15% |       31068      2.97%     72.13% |       31064      2.97%     75.10% |       31073      2.97%     78.07% |       31057      2.97%     81.05% |       30982      2.97%     84.01% |       30694      2.94%     86.95% |       32503      3.11%     90.06% |       31973      3.06%     93.12% |       33962      3.25%     96.37% |       37939      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1044900                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           3      3.90%      3.90% |           3      3.90%      7.79% |           4      5.19%     12.99% |           2      2.60%     15.58% |           2      2.60%     18.18% |           2      2.60%     20.78% |           3      3.90%     24.68% |           2      2.60%     27.27% |           1      1.30%     28.57% |           2      2.60%     31.17% |           4      5.19%     36.36% |           2      2.60%     38.96% |           1      1.30%     40.26% |           1      1.30%     41.56% |           1      1.30%     42.86% |           1      1.30%     44.16% |           2      2.60%     46.75% |           2      2.60%     49.35% |           3      3.90%     53.25% |           2      2.60%     55.84% |           2      2.60%     58.44% |           4      5.19%     63.64% |           3      3.90%     67.53% |           1      1.30%     68.83% |           2      2.60%     71.43% |           3      3.90%     75.32% |           3      3.90%     79.22% |           2      2.60%     81.82% |           4      5.19%     87.01% |           4      5.19%     92.21% |           3      3.90%     96.10% |           3      3.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total           77                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          69      4.29%      4.29% |          46      2.86%      7.14% |          53      3.29%     10.43% |          45      2.80%     13.23% |          46      2.86%     16.09% |          49      3.04%     19.13% |          42      2.61%     21.74% |          50      3.11%     24.84% |          49      3.04%     27.89% |          45      2.80%     30.68% |          63      3.91%     34.60% |          44      2.73%     37.33% |          51      3.17%     40.50% |          44      2.73%     43.23% |          45      2.80%     46.02% |          39      2.42%     48.45% |          43      2.67%     51.12% |          46      2.86%     53.98% |          39      2.42%     56.40% |          50      3.11%     59.50% |          68      4.22%     63.73% |          92      5.71%     69.44% |          53      3.29%     72.73% |          49      3.04%     75.78% |          51      3.17%     78.94% |          45      2.80%     81.74% |          46      2.86%     84.60% |          50      3.11%     87.70% |          46      2.86%     90.56% |          48      2.98%     93.54% |          50      3.11%     96.65% |          54      3.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         1610                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          55     96.49%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           1      1.75%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           1      1.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           57                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      4.00%      4.00% |           0      0.00%      4.00% |           0      0.00%      4.00% |           0      0.00%      4.00% |           2      8.00%     12.00% |           0      0.00%     12.00% |           0      0.00%     12.00% |           0      0.00%     12.00% |           0      0.00%     12.00% |           1      4.00%     16.00% |           0      0.00%     16.00% |           0      0.00%     16.00% |           6     24.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |          11     44.00%     84.00% |           1      4.00%     88.00% |           3     12.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           25                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           3      3.00%      3.00% |           2      2.00%      5.00% |           3      3.00%      8.00% |           3      3.00%     11.00% |           3      3.00%     14.00% |           1      1.00%     15.00% |           1      1.00%     16.00% |           0      0.00%     16.00% |           1      1.00%     17.00% |           2      2.00%     19.00% |          15     15.00%     34.00% |           2      2.00%     36.00% |           1      1.00%     37.00% |           1      1.00%     38.00% |           3      3.00%     41.00% |           2      2.00%     43.00% |           1      1.00%     44.00% |           1      1.00%     45.00% |           1      1.00%     46.00% |           4      4.00%     50.00% |           6      6.00%     56.00% |          24     24.00%     80.00% |           2      2.00%     82.00% |           4      4.00%     86.00% |           2      2.00%     88.00% |           2      2.00%     90.00% |           2      2.00%     92.00% |           2      2.00%     94.00% |           2      2.00%     96.00% |           1      1.00%     97.00% |           2      2.00%     99.00% |           1      1.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total          100                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           4     80.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       26809      3.59%      3.59% |       23252      3.12%      6.71% |       23269      3.12%      9.83% |       23193      3.11%     12.94% |       23164      3.11%     16.05% |       23152      3.10%     19.15% |       23169      3.11%     22.26% |       23177      3.11%     25.37% |       23188      3.11%     28.48% |       23241      3.12%     31.59% |       23263      3.12%     34.71% |       23200      3.11%     37.82% |       23212      3.11%     40.94% |       23183      3.11%     44.04% |       23222      3.11%     47.16% |       23151      3.10%     50.26% |       23252      3.12%     53.38% |       23190      3.11%     56.49% |       23191      3.11%     59.60% |       23168      3.11%     62.71% |       23167      3.11%     65.81% |       23212      3.11%     68.93% |       23175      3.11%     72.03% |       23145      3.10%     75.14% |       23201      3.11%     78.25% |       23231      3.12%     81.36% |       23200      3.11%     84.47% |       23141      3.10%     87.58% |       23178      3.11%     90.68% |       23175      3.11%     93.79% |       23151      3.10%     96.90% |       23152      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       745774                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          35      4.87%      4.87% |          23      3.20%      8.08% |          23      3.20%     11.28% |          23      3.20%     14.48% |          22      3.06%     17.55% |          22      3.06%     20.61% |          22      3.06%     23.68% |          21      2.92%     26.60% |          22      3.06%     29.67% |          22      3.06%     32.73% |          22      3.06%     35.79% |          22      3.06%     38.86% |          22      3.06%     41.92% |          22      3.06%     44.99% |          22      3.06%     48.05% |          22      3.06%     51.11% |          22      3.06%     54.18% |          22      3.06%     57.24% |          22      3.06%     60.31% |          22      3.06%     63.37% |          22      3.06%     66.43% |          22      3.06%     69.50% |          22      3.06%     72.56% |          21      2.92%     75.49% |          22      3.06%     78.55% |          22      3.06%     81.62% |          22      3.06%     84.68% |          22      3.06%     87.74% |          22      3.06%     90.81% |          22      3.06%     93.87% |          22      3.06%     96.94% |          22      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          718                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          54     66.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      1.23%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           1      1.23%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           1      1.23%     70.37% |           2      2.47%     72.84% |           2      2.47%     75.31% |           1      1.23%     76.54% |           2      2.47%     79.01% |           2      2.47%     81.48% |           1      1.23%     82.72% |           2      2.47%     85.19% |           1      1.23%     86.42% |           2      2.47%     88.89% |           2      2.47%     91.36% |           3      3.70%     95.06% |           2      2.47%     97.53% |           2      2.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           81                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           4      7.55%      7.55% |           3      5.66%     13.21% |           3      5.66%     18.87% |           2      3.77%     22.64% |           2      3.77%     26.42% |           2      3.77%     30.19% |           3      5.66%     35.85% |           3      5.66%     41.51% |           1      1.89%     43.40% |           2      3.77%     47.17% |           3      5.66%     52.83% |           2      3.77%     56.60% |           1      1.89%     58.49% |           1      1.89%     60.38% |           1      1.89%     62.26% |           1      1.89%     64.15% |           2      3.77%     67.92% |           1      1.89%     69.81% |           1      1.89%     71.70% |           0      0.00%     71.70% |           1      1.89%     73.58% |           2      3.77%     77.36% |           1      1.89%     79.25% |           1      1.89%     81.13% |           0      0.00%     81.13% |           2      3.77%     84.91% |           1      1.89%     86.79% |           0      0.00%     86.79% |           1      1.89%     88.68% |           2      3.77%     92.45% |           1      1.89%     94.34% |           3      5.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           53                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          55     96.49%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           1      1.75%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           1      1.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           57                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           7     87.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     12.50%     12.50% |           7     87.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           2      2.06%      2.06% |           0      0.00%      2.06% |           3      3.09%      5.15% |           2      2.06%      7.22% |           1      1.03%      8.25% |           1      1.03%      9.28% |           0      0.00%      9.28% |           2      2.06%     11.34% |           2      2.06%     13.40% |           1      1.03%     14.43% |           3      3.09%     17.53% |           2      2.06%     19.59% |           2      2.06%     21.65% |           0      0.00%     21.65% |           0      0.00%     21.65% |           0      0.00%     21.65% |           1      1.03%     22.68% |           1      1.03%     23.71% |           5      5.15%     28.87% |           8      8.25%     37.11% |          17     17.53%     54.64% |          17     17.53%     72.16% |           6      6.19%     78.35% |           7      7.22%     85.57% |           2      2.06%     87.63% |           2      2.06%     89.69% |           1      1.03%     90.72% |           2      2.06%     92.78% |           1      1.03%     93.81% |           2      2.06%     95.88% |           3      3.09%     98.97% |           1      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total           97                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          67      4.43%      4.43% |          46      3.04%      7.47% |          50      3.30%     10.77% |          43      2.84%     13.62% |          45      2.97%     16.59% |          48      3.17%     19.76% |          42      2.78%     22.54% |          48      3.17%     25.71% |          47      3.11%     28.82% |          44      2.91%     31.73% |          60      3.97%     35.69% |          42      2.78%     38.47% |          49      3.24%     41.71% |          44      2.91%     44.61% |          45      2.97%     47.59% |          39      2.58%     50.17% |          42      2.78%     52.94% |          45      2.97%     55.92% |          34      2.25%     58.16% |          42      2.78%     60.94% |          51      3.37%     64.31% |          75      4.96%     69.27% |          47      3.11%     72.37% |          42      2.78%     75.15% |          49      3.24%     78.39% |          43      2.84%     81.23% |          45      2.97%     84.20% |          48      3.17%     87.38% |          45      2.97%     90.35% |          46      3.04%     93.39% |          47      3.11%     96.50% |          53      3.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1513                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |          24     55.81%     55.81% |           0      0.00%     55.81% |           0      0.00%     55.81% |           9     20.93%     76.74% |           0      0.00%     76.74% |           0      0.00%     76.74% |           0      0.00%     76.74% |           0      0.00%     76.74% |           0      0.00%     76.74% |           0      0.00%     76.74% |           0      0.00%     76.74% |           0      0.00%     76.74% |           0      0.00%     76.74% |           0      0.00%     76.74% |           0      0.00%     76.74% |           0      0.00%     76.74% |           1      2.33%     79.07% |           0      0.00%     79.07% |           0      0.00%     79.07% |           9     20.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total           43                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         471      3.48%      3.48% |         421      3.11%      6.59% |         412      3.04%      9.63% |         412      3.04%     12.68% |         411      3.04%     15.71% |         402      2.97%     18.68% |         417      3.08%     21.77% |         417      3.08%     24.85% |         407      3.01%     27.85% |         415      3.07%     30.92% |         445      3.29%     34.21% |         438      3.24%     37.44% |         448      3.31%     40.75% |         428      3.16%     43.92% |         448      3.31%     47.23% |         438      3.24%     50.46% |         449      3.32%     53.78% |         439      3.24%     57.02% |         432      3.19%     60.21% |         412      3.04%     63.26% |         385      2.84%     66.10% |         407      3.01%     69.11% |         404      2.98%     72.09% |         398      2.94%     75.04% |         430      3.18%     78.21% |         449      3.32%     81.53% |         437      3.23%     84.76% |         400      2.96%     87.71% |         414      3.06%     90.77% |         424      3.13%     93.90% |         422      3.12%     97.02% |         403      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        13535                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |          18     14.06%     14.06% |           2      1.56%     15.62% |           1      0.78%     16.41% |          14     10.94%     27.34% |           3      2.34%     29.69% |           3      2.34%     32.03% |           4      3.12%     35.16% |           3      2.34%     37.50% |           5      3.91%     41.41% |           3      2.34%     43.75% |           2      1.56%     45.31% |           2      1.56%     46.88% |           3      2.34%     49.22% |           3      2.34%     51.56% |           4      3.12%     54.69% |           3      2.34%     57.03% |          15     11.72%     68.75% |           1      0.78%     69.53% |           2      1.56%     71.09% |           7      5.47%     76.56% |           1      0.78%     77.34% |           0      0.00%     77.34% |           1      0.78%     78.12% |           2      1.56%     79.69% |           3      2.34%     82.03% |           5      3.91%     85.94% |           4      3.12%     89.06% |           5      3.91%     92.97% |           3      2.34%     95.31% |           2      1.56%     96.88% |           2      1.56%     98.44% |           2      1.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |          18     12.95%     12.95% |           3      2.16%     15.11% |           2      1.44%     16.55% |          12      8.63%     25.18% |           3      2.16%     27.34% |           5      3.60%     30.94% |           6      4.32%     35.25% |           3      2.16%     37.41% |           5      3.60%     41.01% |           3      2.16%     43.17% |           2      1.44%     44.60% |           2      1.44%     46.04% |           4      2.88%     48.92% |           3      2.16%     51.08% |           5      3.60%     54.68% |           3      2.16%     56.83% |          15     10.79%     67.63% |           1      0.72%     68.35% |           3      2.16%     70.50% |           7      5.04%     75.54% |           1      0.72%     76.26% |           0      0.00%     76.26% |           1      0.72%     76.98% |           2      1.44%     78.42% |           4      2.88%     81.29% |           5      3.60%     84.89% |           5      3.60%     88.49% |           6      4.32%     92.81% |           3      2.16%     94.96% |           2      1.44%     96.40% |           2      1.44%     97.84% |           3      2.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total          139                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       12405      4.30%      4.30% |        8970      3.11%      7.41% |        8988      3.12%     10.53% |        8921      3.09%     13.63% |        8895      3.09%     16.71% |        8884      3.08%     19.79% |        8885      3.08%     22.87% |        8896      3.09%     25.96% |        8910      3.09%     29.05% |        8949      3.10%     32.15% |        8964      3.11%     35.26% |        8885      3.08%     38.34% |        8894      3.08%     41.43% |        8886      3.08%     44.51% |        8910      3.09%     47.60% |        8852      3.07%     50.67% |        8904      3.09%     53.76% |        8878      3.08%     56.84% |        8884      3.08%     59.92% |        8884      3.08%     63.00% |        8892      3.08%     66.09% |        8906      3.09%     69.17% |        8909      3.09%     72.26% |        8876      3.08%     75.34% |        8890      3.08%     78.43% |        8909      3.09%     81.52% |        8885      3.08%     84.60% |        8871      3.08%     87.68% |        8899      3.09%     90.76% |        8890      3.08%     93.84% |        8855      3.07%     96.92% |        8891      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       288317                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         448      3.32%      3.32% |         421      3.12%      6.43% |         415      3.07%      9.51% |         405      3.00%     12.50% |         410      3.04%     15.54% |         401      2.97%     18.51% |         414      3.06%     21.57% |         418      3.09%     24.67% |         407      3.01%     27.68% |         417      3.09%     30.77% |         443      3.28%     34.05% |         437      3.24%     37.28% |         450      3.33%     40.61% |         428      3.17%     43.78% |         448      3.32%     47.10% |         440      3.26%     50.36% |         450      3.33%     53.69% |         440      3.26%     56.94% |         434      3.21%     60.16% |         407      3.01%     63.17% |         385      2.85%     66.02% |         409      3.03%     69.05% |         404      2.99%     72.04% |         395      2.92%     74.96% |         427      3.16%     78.12% |         447      3.31%     81.43% |         437      3.24%     84.67% |         401      2.97%     87.64% |         416      3.08%     90.72% |         426      3.15%     93.87% |         425      3.15%     97.02% |         403      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        13508                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       14980      3.14%      3.14% |       14885      3.12%      6.26% |       14890      3.12%      9.39% |       14891      3.12%     12.51% |       14883      3.12%     15.63% |       14891      3.12%     18.76% |       14894      3.12%     21.88% |       14887      3.12%     25.00% |       14895      3.12%     28.13% |       14899      3.13%     31.25% |       14880      3.12%     34.38% |       14902      3.13%     37.50% |       14892      3.12%     40.63% |       14893      3.12%     43.75% |       14888      3.12%     46.87% |       14883      3.12%     49.99% |       14922      3.13%     53.12% |       14896      3.12%     56.25% |       14897      3.12%     59.37% |       14901      3.13%     62.50% |       14914      3.13%     65.63% |       14921      3.13%     68.76% |       14886      3.12%     71.88% |       14898      3.13%     75.01% |       14908      3.13%     78.13% |       14899      3.13%     81.26% |       14902      3.13%     84.38% |       14893      3.12%     87.51% |       14887      3.12%     90.63% |       14883      3.12%     93.75% |       14895      3.12%     96.88% |       14882      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       476717                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           3      6.12%      6.12% |           6     12.24%     18.37% |           2      4.08%     22.45% |           3      6.12%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1      2.04%     30.61% |           0      0.00%     30.61% |           0      0.00%     30.61% |           1      2.04%     32.65% |           4      8.16%     40.82% |           0      0.00%     40.82% |           2      4.08%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           1      2.04%     46.94% |           2      4.08%     51.02% |          13     26.53%     77.55% |           3      6.12%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           1      2.04%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           3      6.12%     91.84% |           4      8.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           49                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       75909      7.22%      7.22% |       32862      3.13%     10.35% |       29486      2.81%     13.15% |       32392      3.08%     16.24% |       29785      2.83%     19.07% |       29679      2.82%     21.89% |       29083      2.77%     24.66% |       29699      2.83%     27.49% |       30397      2.89%     30.38% |       29991      2.85%     33.23% |       32546      3.10%     36.33% |       30867      2.94%     39.27% |       30524      2.90%     42.17% |       30304      2.88%     45.05% |       29598      2.82%     47.87% |       30194      2.87%     50.74% |       31503      3.00%     53.74% |       30314      2.88%     56.62% |       30938      2.94%     59.57% |       31636      3.01%     62.58% |       32123      3.06%     65.63% |       37031      3.52%     69.16% |       31256      2.97%     72.13% |       31248      2.97%     75.10% |       31258      2.97%     78.08% |       31240      2.97%     81.05% |       31163      2.97%     84.02% |       30878      2.94%     86.95% |       32686      3.11%     90.06% |       32158      3.06%     93.12% |       34147      3.25%     96.37% |       38129      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1051024                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           1      1.25%      1.25% |           2      2.50%      3.75% |           1      1.25%      5.00% |           3      3.75%      8.75% |           3      3.75%     12.50% |           3      3.75%     16.25% |           4      5.00%     21.25% |           3      3.75%     25.00% |           5      6.25%     31.25% |           3      3.75%     35.00% |           2      2.50%     37.50% |           2      2.50%     40.00% |           3      3.75%     43.75% |           3      3.75%     47.50% |           4      5.00%     52.50% |           3      3.75%     56.25% |           3      3.75%     60.00% |           1      1.25%     61.25% |           2      2.50%     63.75% |           0      0.00%     63.75% |           1      1.25%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           1      1.25%     66.25% |           2      2.50%     68.75% |           3      3.75%     72.50% |           5      6.25%     78.75% |           4      5.00%     83.75% |           4      5.00%     88.75% |           3      3.75%     92.50% |           2      2.50%     95.00% |           2      2.50%     97.50% |           2      2.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total           80                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |          40     46.51%     46.51% |           0      0.00%     46.51% |           0      0.00%     46.51% |          16     18.60%     65.12% |           0      0.00%     65.12% |           0      0.00%     65.12% |           0      0.00%     65.12% |           0      0.00%     65.12% |           0      0.00%     65.12% |           0      0.00%     65.12% |           0      0.00%     65.12% |           0      0.00%     65.12% |           0      0.00%     65.12% |           0      0.00%     65.12% |           0      0.00%     65.12% |           0      0.00%     65.12% |          13     15.12%     80.23% |           0      0.00%     80.23% |           0      0.00%     80.23% |          15     17.44%     97.67% |           0      0.00%     97.67% |           0      0.00%     97.67% |           0      0.00%     97.67% |           0      0.00%     97.67% |           0      0.00%     97.67% |           0      0.00%     97.67% |           0      0.00%     97.67% |           2      2.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total           86                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |          41     24.70%     24.70% |           2      1.20%     25.90% |           1      0.60%     26.51% |          19     11.45%     37.95% |           3      1.81%     39.76% |           3      1.81%     41.57% |           4      2.41%     43.98% |           3      1.81%     45.78% |           5      3.01%     48.80% |           3      1.81%     50.60% |           2      1.20%     51.81% |           2      1.20%     53.01% |           3      1.81%     54.82% |           3      1.81%     56.63% |           4      2.41%     59.04% |           3      1.81%     60.84% |          16      9.64%     70.48% |           1      0.60%     71.08% |           2      1.20%     72.29% |          15      9.04%     81.33% |           1      0.60%     81.93% |           0      0.00%     81.93% |           1      0.60%     82.53% |           2      1.20%     83.73% |           3      1.81%     85.54% |           5      3.01%     88.55% |           4      2.41%     90.96% |           6      3.61%     94.58% |           3      1.81%     96.39% |           2      1.20%     97.59% |           2      1.20%     98.80% |           2      1.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total          166                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      310167     23.58%     23.58% |      657692     50.00%     73.58% |       42803      3.25%     76.83% |       43720      3.32%     80.16% |       43939      3.34%     83.50% |       44194      3.36%     86.86% |       42902      3.26%     90.12% |       43969      3.34%     93.46% |       42919      3.26%     96.72% |       43079      3.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      1315384                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      310167     23.58%     23.58% |      657692     50.00%     73.58% |       42803      3.25%     76.83% |       43720      3.32%     80.16% |       43939      3.34%     83.50% |       44194      3.36%     86.86% |       42902      3.26%     90.12% |       43969      3.34%     93.46% |       42919      3.26%     96.72% |       43079      3.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      1315384                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      310167     23.58%     23.58% |      657692     50.00%     73.58% |       42803      3.25%     76.83% |       43720      3.32%     80.16% |       43939      3.34%     83.50% |       44194      3.36%     86.86% |       42902      3.26%     90.12% |       43969      3.34%     93.46% |       42919      3.26%     96.72% |       43079      3.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      1315384                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      310167     23.58%     23.58% |      657692     50.00%     73.58% |       42803      3.25%     76.83% |       43720      3.32%     80.16% |       43939      3.34%     83.50% |       44194      3.36%     86.86% |       42902      3.26%     90.12% |       43969      3.34%     93.46% |       42919      3.26%     96.72% |       43079      3.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      1315384                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
