
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.038833                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 38832775000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5215000853500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  23233                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    40906                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               49627445                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3225056                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   782.49                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    18179471                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      32008639                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4688640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           4688640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2862144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        2862144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        73260                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              73260                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        44721                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             44721                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    120739247                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            120739247                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     73704339                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            73704339                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    194443585                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           194443585                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      73260                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     44721                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    73260                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   44721                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               4687808                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                    832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                2862016                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                4688640                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             2862144                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    13                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             4426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             4891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             4541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             4886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             4634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             4726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             4552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             4522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             4505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             4793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            4517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            4732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            4350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            4197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            4469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            4506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             2818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             2810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             2793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             2882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             2801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             2939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             2769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             2846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             2739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             2919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            2766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            2698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            2633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            2669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            2876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            2761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                      367                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     2221                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  38832262500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                73260                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               44721                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  45814                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   4422                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   3617                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   2929                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   2282                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   1932                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   1543                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   1264                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   1136                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                    974                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                   818                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                   728                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                   645                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                   534                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                   496                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                   414                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                   379                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                   340                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                   321                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                   293                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                   261                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                   237                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                   211                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                   200                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                   173                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                   153                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                   144                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                   142                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                   131                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                   126                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                   112                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                   476                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                   7719                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                   7994                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                   8154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                   8221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                   8327                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                    796                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                    697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   2813                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        32352                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   233.339268                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   157.470469                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   234.355110                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        12584     38.90%     38.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7239     22.38%     61.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8059     24.91%     86.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1051      3.25%     89.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          783      2.42%     91.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          558      1.72%     93.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          445      1.38%     94.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          433      1.34%     96.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1200      3.71%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        32352                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7954                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.206940                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    46.040008                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         7947     99.91%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            6      0.08%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total         7954                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7954                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.622203                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.390298                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.229612                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           7427     93.37%     93.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           161      2.02%     95.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          105      1.32%     96.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          261      3.28%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total         7954                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  3370523886                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             4743905136                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 366235000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    46015.86                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               64765.86                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      120.72                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       73.70                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   120.74                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    73.70                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.94                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.12                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   56199                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  29408                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                76.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               65.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    329139.97                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   72.57                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10429338000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1296620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    27104344500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              126509040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              118072080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0               69027750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1               64424250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             289949400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             281275800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            146823840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            142955280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         2536188720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         2536188720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        14175801675                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        13803931395                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        10863259500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        11189461500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          28207559925                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          28136309025                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          726.431887                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          724.596956                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      4564288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           4564288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2746624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        2746624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        71317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              71317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        42916                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             42916                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    117537003                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            117537003                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     70729532                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            70729532                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    188266535                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           188266535                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      71317                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     42916                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    71317                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   42916                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               4563328                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                2746368                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                4564288                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             2746624                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             4309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             4752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             4420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             4767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             4524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             4631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             4426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             4426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             4377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             4671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            4400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            4614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            4228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            4084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            4274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            4399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             2710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             2714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             2691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             2773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             2699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             2829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             2643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             2732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             2629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             2805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            2661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            2586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            2527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            2553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            2708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            2652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                      380                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     2117                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  38832010500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                71317                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               42916                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  44917                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   3794                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   3308                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   2886                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   2348                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   1876                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   1616                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   1316                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   1141                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                    948                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                   844                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                   719                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                   655                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                   551                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                   461                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                   365                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                   368                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                   344                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                   300                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                   302                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                   253                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                   201                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                   195                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                   171                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                   158                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                   150                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                   139                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                   128                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                   123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                   122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                   104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                   499                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                   7418                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                   7614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                   7762                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                   7906                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                   7956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                    743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                    730                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   2787                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        28577                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.764846                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   176.088562                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   240.919958                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         9251     32.37%     32.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6671     23.34%     55.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7976     27.91%     83.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1197      4.19%     87.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          861      3.01%     90.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          543      1.90%     92.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          467      1.63%     94.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          464      1.62%     95.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1147      4.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        28577                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7638                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.329798                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    37.422845                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         7630     99.90%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            6      0.08%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total         7638                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7638                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.618225                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.385961                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.225495                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           7121     93.23%     93.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           162      2.12%     95.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          114      1.49%     96.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          241      3.16%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total         7638                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  3084139645                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             4421052145                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 356510000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    43254.60                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               62004.60                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      117.51                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       70.72                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   117.54                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    70.73                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.11                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.86                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   55799                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  29835                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                78.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               69.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    339936.89                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   74.97                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10617821500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1296620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    26915994500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              112764960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              103269600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0               61528500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1               56347500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             282757800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             273296400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            141205680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            136864080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         2536188720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         2536188720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        14045983605                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        13368911670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        10977135000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        11571057750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          28157564265                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          28045935720                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          725.144344                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          722.269564                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      4566656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           4566656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      2748160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        2748160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        71354                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              71354                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        42940                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             42940                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    117597983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            117597983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     70769086                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            70769086                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    188367069                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           188367069                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      71354                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     42940                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    71354                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   42940                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               4565760                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    896                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                2748160                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                4566656                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             2748160                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    14                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             4292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             4781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             4434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             4798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             4535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             4626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             4418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             4419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             4358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             4653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            4395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            4652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            4240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            4073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            4263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            4403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             2703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             2712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             2688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             2789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             2697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             2822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             2646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             2734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             2629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             2811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            2656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            2599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            2537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            2548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            2715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            2654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                      307                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     2161                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  38832250000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                71354                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               42940                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  45151                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   3868                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   3410                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   2955                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   2375                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   1837                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   1546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   1275                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   1044                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                    937                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                   824                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                   723                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                   612                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                   554                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                   450                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                   413                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                   383                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                   324                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                   284                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                   268                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                   218                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                   227                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                   196                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                   176                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                   162                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                   160                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                   149                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                   143                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                   110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                    84                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                    85                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                   397                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                   7433                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                   7638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                   7776                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                   7901                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                   8018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                    730                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                    683                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   2761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        28563                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   256.049295                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   176.313086                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   240.904409                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127         9279     32.49%     32.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6573     23.01%     55.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8129     28.46%     83.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1086      3.80%     87.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639          811      2.84%     90.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          646      2.26%     92.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          434      1.52%     94.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          441      1.54%     95.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1164      4.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        28563                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7655                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.318877                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    37.491033                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         7650     99.93%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.04%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total         7655                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7655                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.609406                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.378595                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.223298                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           7150     93.40%     93.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           156      2.04%     95.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          104      1.36%     96.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          245      3.20%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total         7655                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  3059261198                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             4396886198                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 356700000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    42882.83                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               61632.83                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      117.57                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       70.77                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   117.60                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    70.77                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        1.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.88                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   55798                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  29916                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                78.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               69.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    339757.56                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   75.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10522935000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1296620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    27010747500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              112870800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              103027680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0               61586250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1               56215500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             283132200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             273249600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            141179760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            137039040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         2536188720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         2536188720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        14099616900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        13443094035                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        10930088250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        11505985500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          28164662880                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          28054800075                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          725.327155                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          722.497848                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      4548544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           4548544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      2743616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        2743616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        71071                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              71071                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        42869                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             42869                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    117131572                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            117131572                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     70652072                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            70652072                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    187783644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           187783644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      71072                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     42869                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    71072                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   42869                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               4548160                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                2743360                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                4548608                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             2743616                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             4281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             4737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             4407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             4759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             4487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             4595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             4405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             4417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             4365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             4633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            4406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            4620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            4224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            4052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            4276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            4401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             2708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             2700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             2689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             2773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             2690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             2815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             2639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             2726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             2625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             2804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            2651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            2605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            2530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            2555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            2707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            2648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                      367                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     2383                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  38832032500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                71072                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               42869                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  44622                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   3452                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   2987                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   2648                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   2347                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   1990                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   1753                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   1465                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   1310                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   1098                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                   924                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                   802                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                   662                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                   566                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                   477                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                   431                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                   383                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                   329                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                   310                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                   270                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                   244                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                   246                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                   198                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                   163                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                   164                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                   156                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                   136                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                   115                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                   110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                   110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                   113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                   484                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                   7389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                   7554                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                   7694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                   7865                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                   7915                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                    784                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                    684                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   2984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        28112                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   259.351167                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   178.978632                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   242.326725                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127         8909     31.69%     31.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6502     23.13%     54.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8088     28.77%     83.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1100      3.91%     87.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639          845      3.01%     90.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          599      2.13%     92.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          453      1.61%     94.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          440      1.57%     95.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1176      4.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        28112                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7619                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.327340                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    38.605577                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         7613     99.92%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.05%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total         7619                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7618                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.626674                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.391110                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.243490                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           7092     93.10%     93.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           164      2.15%     95.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          113      1.48%     96.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          249      3.27%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total         7618                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  3088939777                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             4421408527                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 355325000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    43466.40                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               62216.40                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      117.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       70.65                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   117.13                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    70.65                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        1.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.11                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.84                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   55706                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  30107                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                78.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               70.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    340808.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   75.32                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10542872500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1296620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    26991020500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              110459160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              102052440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0               60270375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1               55683375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             281463000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             272742600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            140868720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            136890000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         2536188720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         2536188720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        13900590855                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        13293020160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        11104672500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        11637629250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          28134513330                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          28034206545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          724.550711                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          721.967501                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1152                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1152                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1347                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1347                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               210                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              210                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4998                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          980                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4074                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4914                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               192500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              432148                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                3500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              107148                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1825500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          374                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1531904                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          374                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                 32                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                 319                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                3307097                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 26.893404                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                23.508073                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                15.328858                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     2294216     69.37%     69.37% |      954520     28.86%     98.24% |       32952      1.00%     99.23% |       16199      0.49%     99.72% |        5962      0.18%     99.90% |        2690      0.08%     99.98% |         501      0.02%    100.00% |          57      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  3307097                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     11965896                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.960862                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.703677                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      1.220814                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |     4943176     41.31%     41.31% |     6061900     50.66%     91.97% |      805035      6.73%     98.70% |       92492      0.77%     99.47% |       25017      0.21%     99.68% |       15693      0.13%     99.81% |       13096      0.11%     99.92% |        7728      0.06%     99.99% |        1325      0.01%    100.00% |         434      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      11965896                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            11965893                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              11.919798                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.636630                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             58.512700                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    11936310     99.75%     99.75% |       21881      0.18%     99.94% |        6468      0.05%     99.99% |        1129      0.01%    100.00% |         101      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              11965893                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        11343936                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000448                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000387                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.021169                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    11338853     99.96%     99.96% |        5082      0.04%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          11343936                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples         621957                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        174.600709                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       121.356634                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       194.816737                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |      592374     95.24%     95.24% |       21881      3.52%     98.76% |        6468      1.04%     99.80% |        1129      0.18%     99.98% |         101      0.02%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total           621957                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     1572864                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                     262144                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses          62612                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses        62612                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           17                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            5                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles            4                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles           15                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits      7917545                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       378820                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      8296365                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      3376750                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       121201                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3497951                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       107951                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        18760                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store        55080                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1416498                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        43355                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           10                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           10                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits         5999                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        14775                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        20774                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles         1604                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits         5998                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        14775                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        20773                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles         1583                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits         6197                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        15249                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        21446                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles         1677                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits         5919                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        14518                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        20437                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles         1548                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits         6098                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        15011                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        21109                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles         1649                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits         6018                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        14756                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        20774                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles         1615                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits         6608                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        16184                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        22792                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles         1777                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits         6804                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        16660                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        23464                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles         1826                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        52866                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        14386                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        67252                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        10308                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses         8926                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        19234                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        10377                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses         8960                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        19337                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        10577                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses         8918                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        19495                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits         8674                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses         8917                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        17591                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits         8530                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses         8923                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        17453                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits         6893                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses         8918                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        15811                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         7258                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses         8890                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        16148                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits         8632                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        12501                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        21133                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits         7979                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses         8903                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        16882                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits         7945                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses         8919                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        16864                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits         8638                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses         8877                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        17515                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits         7181                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses         8975                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        16156                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits         9008                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses         8889                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        17897                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        10586                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses         8893                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        19479                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits         8260                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses         8894                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        17154                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits         8199                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses         8866                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        17065                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits         8467                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses         8926                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        17393                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits         8059                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses         8954                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        17013                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits         7442                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses         8934                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        16376                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits         8671                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses         8866                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        17537                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        10561                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses         8906                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        19467                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        10200                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses         8880                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        19080                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits         9331                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses         8924                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        18255                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        12451                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses         8855                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        21306                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        13957                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses         8844                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        22801                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits         7911                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses         8913                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        16824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits         8158                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses         8891                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        17049                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         7054                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses         8902                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        15956                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         7258                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses         8888                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        16146                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits         7642                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses         8907                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        16549                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits         8792                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses         8949                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        17741                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          153                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      5889054                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      5889054                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5974802                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5889054                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2557305                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2554454                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      5889054                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.075826                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      2106262                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      2106262                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2136343                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2106262                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1106779                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1100150                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      2106262                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.027120                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      1538949                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      1538949                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1567612                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1538949                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity       607082                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity       600401                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      1538949                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.019815                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      1197570                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      1197570                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1224000                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1197570                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity       499894                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity       497566                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      1197570                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.015420                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      1705783                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      1705783                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1733170                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1705783                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity       874232                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity       863667                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      1705783                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.021963                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      1696467                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      1696467                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1723027                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1696467                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity       856306                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity       850915                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      1696467                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.021843                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      2200437                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      2200437                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2238618                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2200437                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity       797548                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity       792901                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      2200437                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.028332                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      1221586                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      1221586                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1249117                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1221586                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity       496847                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity       495258                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      1221586                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.015729                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads       800100                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes       800100                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity       817507                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity       800100                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity       370332                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity       361668                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity       800100                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.010302                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      1145032                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      1145032                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1167013                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1145032                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity       575408                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity       566208                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      1145032                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.014743                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads       756567                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes       756567                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity       765241                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity       756567                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       314031                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       313787                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity       756567                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.009741                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads       662435                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes       662435                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity       665542                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity       662435                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       264050                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       263883                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity       662435                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.008529                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads       992191                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes       992191                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity       996354                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity       992191                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity       476416                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity       476227                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity       992191                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.012775                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads       698435                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes       698435                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity       702168                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity       698435                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       284455                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       284227                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity       698435                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.008993                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads       416325                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes       416325                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity       418348                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity       416325                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       162493                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       162425                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity       416325                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.005360                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads       615795                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes       615795                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity       619797                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity       615795                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       243010                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       242835                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity       615795                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.007929                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      1023772                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      1023772                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1034900                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1023772                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       369199                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       368908                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      1023772                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.013182                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads       686989                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes       686989                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity       693460                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity       686989                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       259265                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       259093                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity       686989                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.008845                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads       650390                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes       650390                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity       656675                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity       650390                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       259049                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       258822                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity       650390                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.008374                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       403469                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       403469                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       405611                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       403469                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       159262                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       159117                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       403469                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.005195                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       387878                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       387878                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       388470                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       387878                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       191025                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       191010                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       387878                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.004994                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads       521828                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes       521828                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity       522565                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity       521828                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       261384                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       261340                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity       521828                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.006719                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       408301                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       408301                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity       409234                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       408301                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       187996                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       187953                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       408301                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.005257                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       262105                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       262105                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       262105                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       262105                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       109309                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       109309                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       262105                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.003375                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       332334                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       332334                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       332849                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       332334                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       139128                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       139122                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       332334                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.004279                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads       473139                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes       473139                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity       473981                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity       473139                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       231957                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       231919                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity       473139                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.006092                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       387618                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       387618                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       388559                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       387618                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       172178                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       172154                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       387618                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.004991                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       261813                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       261813                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       261813                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       261813                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       107885                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       107885                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       261813                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.003371                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      1429113                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      1429113                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1472681                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1429113                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity       597468                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity       596313                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      1429113                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.018401                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      1402278                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      1402278                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1430261                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1402278                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity       567839                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity       566906                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      1402278                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.018055                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      1446958                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      1446958                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1484340                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1446958                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity       583102                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity       582090                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      1446958                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.018631                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      1486070                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      1486070                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1522162                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1486070                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity       608921                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity       607558                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      1486070                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.019134                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     2608067     27.89%     27.89% |     6214111     66.45%     94.34% |      529113      5.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total      9351291                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     2608067     27.89%     27.89% |     6214111     66.45%     94.34% |      529113      5.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total      9351291                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |    76183006                       |   146592267                       |    11238226                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |     9627016                       |    29151952                       |      529125                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   29.210525                       |   23.590223                       |   21.239747                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    3.691246                       |    4.691251                       |    1.000023                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    25.024726                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     4.203494                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         29.228220                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.001863                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.040445      7.05%      7.05% |    0.039800      6.94%     13.99% |    0.040335      7.03%     21.02% |    0.039725      6.92%     27.94% |    0.094493     16.47%     44.41% |    0.095874     16.71%     61.12% |    0.094462     16.46%     77.59% |    0.095811     16.70%     94.29% |    0.008191      1.43%     95.72% |    0.008197      1.43%     97.14% |    0.008194      1.43%     98.57% |    0.008192      1.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.573721                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.014166                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.028838                       |    0.000000                       |    0.000757                       |    0.000759                       |    0.000782                       |    0.000744                       |    0.000771                       |    0.000756                       |    0.000833                       |    0.000854                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005539                       |    0.001896                       |    0.001665                       |    0.001824                       |    0.001712                       |    0.001719                       |    0.001643                       |    0.001663                       |    0.001692                       |    0.001766                       |    0.001905                       |    0.001917                       |    0.001773                       |    0.001752                       |    0.001631                       |    0.001657                       |    0.001829                       |    0.001710                       |    0.001715                       |    0.001768                       |    0.001801                       |    0.001917                       |    0.001739                       |    0.001733                       |    0.001758                       |    0.001728                       |    0.001684                       |    0.001753                       |    0.001912                       |    0.001865                       |    0.002038                       |    0.002161                       |    0.005637                       |    0.005483                       |    0.005486                       |    0.005464                       |    0.000309                       |           0                       |    0.000213                       |    0.001033                       |    0.000098                       |    0.000102                       |    0.000101                       |    0.000100                       |    0.000101                       |    0.000099                       |    0.000108                       |    0.000110                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001717                       |    0.000313                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002111                       |    0.000853                       |    0.001248                       |    0.001595                       |    0.000108                       |    0.001745                       |    0.004410                       |    0.001195                       |           0                       |    0.001812                       |    0.003862                       |           0                       |    0.003650                       |    0.007377                       |    0.001699                       |    0.001139                       |    0.001570                       |    0.000098                       |    0.003401                       |    0.002812                       |    0.010795                       |    0.001140                       |    0.001711                       |    0.000102                       |    0.007461                       |    0.002872                       |    0.002134                       |           0                       |    0.001705                       |    0.003719                       |           0                       |    0.007313                       |    0.003192                       |    0.002127                       |           0                       |    0.001725                       |           0                       |    0.003674                       |    0.001594                       |    0.001536                       |           0                       |    0.001664                       |           0                       |    0.001758                       |    0.000858                       |           0                       |    0.001796                       |           0                       |    0.001138                       |    0.001917                       |    0.001867                       |    0.001285                       |    0.001587                       |    0.000110                       |    0.001908                       |    0.003720                       |    0.004306                       |    0.001828                       |    0.001176                       |    0.001605                       |    0.000101                       |    0.003041                       |    0.007572                       |    0.005922                       |    0.002546                       |    0.037216                       |    0.004617                       |    0.000213                       |    0.002458                       |    0.012238                       |    0.015709                       |    0.003375                       |    0.000001                       |    0.001764                       |    0.001033                       |    0.002609                       |    0.006510                       |    0.012112                       |    0.003091                       |    0.001120                       |    0.001586                       |    0.000100                       |    0.004161                       |    0.004822                       |    0.006980                       |    0.003075                       |           0                       |    0.001634                       |           0                       |    0.001663                       |    0.003501                       |    0.003431                       |    0.002546                       |           0                       |    0.001629                       |           0                       |    0.000928                       |    0.001728                       |    0.001807                       |           0                       |    0.001647                       |           0                       |    0.000229                       |    0.001739                       |    0.001642                       |           0                       |    0.001735                       |           0                       |    0.001329                       |    0.001651                       |    0.003495                       |    0.001531                       |           0                       |    0.001888                       |    0.003721                       |           0                       |    0.001125                       |    0.003654                       |    0.006695                       |    0.001548                       |    0.001158                       |    0.001539                       |    0.000101                       |    0.018009                       |    0.003396                       |    0.002188                       |    0.001942                       |    0.001138                       |    0.001588                       |    0.000099                       |    0.001526                       |    0.007346                       |    0.002454                       |    0.001578                       |           0                       |    0.001906                       |    0.003710                       |           0                       |    0.001541                       |    0.007365                       |    0.003010                       |    0.001603                       |           0                       |    0.001624                       |           0                       |    0.000759                       |    0.003437                       |    0.001500                       |    0.001674                       |           0                       |    0.001613                       |           0                       |    0.000075                       |    0.001684                       |    0.001618                       |           0                       |    0.001642                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001733                       |           0                       |    0.001531                       |           0                       |    0.000615                       |           0                       |    0.003215                       |           0                       |    0.001548                       |           0                       |    0.001669                       |    0.000467                       |    0.004245                       |           0                       |    0.001942                       |           0                       |    0.008402                       |    0.001508                       |    0.001330                       |           0                       |    0.001578                       |           0                       |    0.000567                       |    0.005166                       |    0.001535                       |           0                       |    0.001603                       |           0                       |    0.002543                       |    0.004228                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001674                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003521                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001618                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001753                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.573721                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         4074395                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      4074395                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       256119                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      2665040                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         2108994                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     79.135548                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          278943                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29778                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits              8735470                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              48176                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             4995042                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             44410                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses          8783646                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         5039452                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  13730512                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                   92586                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              13823098                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              3504866                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9443                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          3514309                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   3504866                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9443                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               3514309                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 74132296                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     13415436                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               24124669                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             4074395                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      2387937                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              56005221                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          580960                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             140476                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       154384                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       246410                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3264                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       310902                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           3504213                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        137643                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3822                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     70566573                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.622722                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.951349                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         62488717     88.55%     88.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1017202      1.44%     89.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           642724      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           737121      1.04%     91.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4           604164      0.86%     92.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           676817      0.96%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6           608885      0.86%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           352285      0.50%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          3438658      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     70566573                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.054961                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.325427                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          8397313                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      55744196                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           4131883                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       2002694                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         290480                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       41344650                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         290480                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          9281540                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        30355334                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      5782222                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           5174178                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      19682812                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       40319047                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         59047                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        1452840                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         432449                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       17435886                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     46564271                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      97724304                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     61086063                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           44                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      36692291                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          9871972                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       151527                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       153091                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          13707290                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      4449522                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      5200621                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads       397928                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       251877                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           39295069                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       193132                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          41588840                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       168662                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7261375                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11761524                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        54476                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     70566573                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.589356                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.370972                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     54787026     77.64%     77.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      5753339      8.15%     85.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      3024157      4.29%     90.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      2684116      3.80%     93.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      1906554      2.70%     96.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1053021      1.49%     98.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       861498      1.22%     99.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       300366      0.43%     99.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       196496      0.28%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     70566573                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           92706     11.62%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         631279     79.09%     90.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         74149      9.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       174126      0.42%      0.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      27396868     65.88%     66.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24807      0.06%     66.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52253      0.13%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      8872456     21.33%     87.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      5068330     12.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       41588840                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.561008                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              798134                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.019191                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    154710994                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     46756472                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     36109755                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           55                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           80                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           20                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       42212820                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              28                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       566192                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1133170                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2519                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7101                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       431712                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1834                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5120677                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         290480                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4287903                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      24798398                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     39488201                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        95616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       4449522                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      5200621                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       184269                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          77501                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      24673986                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7101                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       108596                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       198030                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       306626                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      41178731                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       8728824                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       318055                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             13729578                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          2998037                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            5000754                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.555476                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               36176290                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              36109775                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          20525575                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          33197901                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.487099                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.618279                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      7447298                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       138656                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       269304                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     69400346                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.461217                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344735                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     57580238     82.97%     82.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      4201829      6.05%     89.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3521799      5.07%     94.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1415008      2.04%     96.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       785159      1.13%     97.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       248943      0.36%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       355253      0.51%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       335620      0.48%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       956497      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     69400346                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     18179470                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       32008636                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs                8085258                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               3316349                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5712                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            2664824                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          31724373                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       205262                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        81999      0.26%      0.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     23767084     74.25%     74.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        23594      0.07%     74.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50701      0.16%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      3316349     10.36%     85.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      4768909     14.90%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     32008636                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        956497                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            107837614                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes            80082268                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   82759                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3565723                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3532840                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            18179470                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              32008636                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.077803                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.077803                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.245230                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.245230                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         63346257                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        27873737                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                20                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          15357575                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         13110670                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        20295981                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         144076                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean                511960000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            511960000.000001                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-3.35544e+07               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       1604094                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        29.078118                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       24.352111                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       19.384666                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     1054401     65.73%     65.73% |      493633     30.77%     96.51% |       30888      1.93%     98.43% |       15987      1.00%     99.43% |        5941      0.37%     99.80% |        2686      0.17%     99.97% |         501      0.03%    100.00% |          57      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         1604094                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       1673955                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        24.897977                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       22.789227                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        9.705765                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     1214091     72.53%     72.53% |      457563     27.33%     99.86% |        2064      0.12%     99.99% |         212      0.01%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         1673955                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         29048                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        21.239638                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.066901                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        6.890492                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         462      1.59%      1.59% |        5379     18.52%     20.11% |       13426     46.22%     66.33% |        6457     22.23%     88.56% |        3269     11.25%     99.81% |          49      0.17%     99.98% |           5      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           29048                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          3538913                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           19.266077                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           3.992133                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          92.305414                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     3513854     99.29%     99.29% |       17753      0.50%     99.79% |        6138      0.17%     99.97% |        1070      0.03%    100.00% |          94      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            3538913                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      3272213                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000931                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000804                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.030501                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3269166     99.91%     99.91% |        3047      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        3272213                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       266700                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     218.827458                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    132.493129                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    264.551620                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      241641     90.60%     90.60% |       17753      6.66%     97.26% |        6138      2.30%     99.56% |        1070      0.40%     99.96% |          94      0.04%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        266700                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          4791351                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           11.034994                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.597734                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          43.922454                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     4769290     99.54%     99.54% |       17756      0.37%     99.91% |        3244      0.07%     99.98% |         666      0.01%     99.99% |         232      0.00%    100.00% |          98      0.00%    100.00% |          46      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            4791351                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      4567015                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000426                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000368                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.020654                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     4565069     99.96%     99.96% |        1945      0.04%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        4567015                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       224336                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     174.602106                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    144.992275                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    114.607896                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      202275     90.17%     90.17% |       17756      7.91%     98.08% |        3244      1.45%     99.53% |         666      0.30%     99.82% |         232      0.10%     99.93% |          98      0.04%     99.97% |          46      0.02%     99.99% |          13      0.01%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        224336                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      3497949                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        5.798995                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.353170                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      17.950647                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     3495863     99.94%     99.94% |        1885      0.05%     99.99% |         185      0.01%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        3497949                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      3376750                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000001                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000001                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.001088                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3376746    100.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      3376750                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       121199                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    83.782325                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    74.491274                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    54.773805                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      119113     98.28%     98.28% |        1885      1.56%     99.83% |         185      0.15%     99.99% |          15      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       121199                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       136378                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      9.433061                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.784887                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    29.423759                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      134835     98.87%     98.87% |        1189      0.87%     99.74% |         324      0.24%     99.98% |          12      0.01%     99.99% |           5      0.00%     99.99% |          10      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       136378                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       126695                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000679                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000586                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.026045                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      126609     99.93%     99.93% |          86      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       126695                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples         9683                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    93.596096                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    78.988000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    67.595509                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        8140     84.06%     84.06% |        1189     12.28%     96.34% |         324      3.35%     99.69% |          12      0.12%     99.81% |           5      0.05%     99.87% |          10      0.10%     99.97% |           3      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total         9683                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.947773                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.599055                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    18.355139                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         612     94.01%     94.01% |          23      3.53%     97.54% |          13      2.00%     99.54% |           0      0.00%     99.54% |           0      0.00%     99.54% |           2      0.31%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          612                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         612    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          612                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           39                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    68.897436                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    62.652089                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    39.663582                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          23     58.97%     58.97% |          13     33.33%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           2      5.13%     97.44% |           1      2.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           39                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         651    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         651    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          651                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks         8932                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       209468                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access         7622                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    18181                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    18181                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    18704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    17907                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    18390                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    17979                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    19815                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    20428                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                   2651                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                   2651                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   2800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                   2589                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                   2778                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   2853                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                   3033                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                   3092                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                     3249                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                     3221                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                     3435                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                     3178                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                     3351                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                     3319                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                     3667                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                     3727                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                20832                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                20832                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                21504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                20496                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                21168                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                20832                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                22848                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                23520                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                  155588                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles            140543696780317                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles            140543696796833                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                  145548                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                  168076                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                30976528                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                31022178                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                31009626                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   17856                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   17856                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   18432                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   17568                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   18144                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   17856                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   19584                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   20160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   2976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   2976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                   3072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                   2928                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   3024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                   2976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   3264                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   3360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                15602                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                15603                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                16045                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                15369                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                15778                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                15421                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                16988                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                17525                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses               2254                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses               2253                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               2387                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses               2199                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses               2366                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses               2435                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses               2596                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses               2635                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                2579                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                2578                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                2659                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                2538                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                2612                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                2558                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                2827                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                2903                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               397                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses               398                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses               413                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses               390                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses               412                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses               418                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses               437                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses               457                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                      124                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                      124                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                      128                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                      122                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                      126                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                      124                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                      136                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                      140                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                 909310                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                 912588                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                 907763                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                 909316                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                 912626                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                 914040                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                 903732                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                 905877                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    5952                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                    5952                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                    6144                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                    5856                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                    6048                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                    5952                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                    6528                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                    6720                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles                835214                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles                843168                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles                832992                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles                844115                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles                843857                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles                848518                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles                827253                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles                829743                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             128960                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             128960                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             133120                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             126880                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             131040                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             128960                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             141440                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             145600                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               551453                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               540089                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles               553116                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               523352                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               541264                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles               530418                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               594568                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles               571972                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time           835214                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time           843168                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time           832992                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time           844115                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time           843857                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time           848518                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time           827253                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time           829743                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        128960                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        128960                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        133120                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        126880                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        131040                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        128960                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        141440                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        145600                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          515212                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          510339                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time          516973                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          494182                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          509412                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time          498976                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          554095                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time          541193                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time             898504                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time             902070                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time             898458                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time             898074                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time             902454                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time             903297                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time             892975                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time             894151                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles              2929                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles              4037                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles              3926                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles              4603                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles              6035                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles             20348                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles              6180                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles             26998                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles          76739450                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles          76739446                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles          76739452                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles          76739448                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles          76739458                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles          76739618                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles          76739469                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles          76739839                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles           454345                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles           429279                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles           404174                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles           432297                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles           409180                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles           424425                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles           336894                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles           297708                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0              1036                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0              1071                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0              1085                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0              1015                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0              1106                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0              1169                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0              1197                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0              1253                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1               945                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1               937                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1               939                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1               934                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1               933                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1               923                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1               996                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              1015                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              5515                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              5821                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              5687                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              5686                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              5674                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2              5500                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              6072                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              6103                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles              16                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       73235     25.52%     25.52% |       71317     24.85%     50.37% |       71354     24.86%     75.23% |       71072     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       286978                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       38910     25.91%     25.91% |       37094     24.70%     50.61% |       37116     24.72%     75.33% |       37046     24.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       150166                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       73260     25.53%     25.53% |       71317     24.85%     50.37% |       71354     24.86%     75.24% |       71071     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       287002                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       44721     25.78%     25.78% |       42916     24.74%     50.53% |       42940     24.76%     75.28% |       42868     24.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       173445                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        5984     25.00%     25.00% |        5984     25.00%     50.00% |        5984     25.00%     75.00% |        5984     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        23936                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       26133     25.12%     25.12% |       26031     25.02%     50.14% |       26046     25.03%     75.17% |       25834     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       104044                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       73235     25.52%     25.52% |       71317     24.85%     50.37% |       71354     24.86%     75.23% |       71072     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       286978                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5811     24.96%     24.96% |        5822     25.01%     49.97% |        5824     25.02%     74.99% |        5823     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23280                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5811     24.96%     24.96% |        5822     25.01%     49.97% |        5824     25.02%     74.99% |        5823     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23280                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       38684     25.88%     25.88% |       36932     24.71%     50.59% |       36956     24.73%     75.32% |       36885     24.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       149457                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         173     26.37%     26.37% |         162     24.70%     51.07% |         160     24.39%     75.46% |         161     24.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          656                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       26133     25.12%     25.12% |       26031     25.02%     50.14% |       26046     25.03%     75.17% |       25834     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       104044                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       73235     25.52%     25.52% |       71317     24.85%     50.37% |       71354     24.86%     75.23% |       71071     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       286977                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       38684     25.88%     25.88% |       36932     24.71%     50.59% |       36956     24.73%     75.32% |       36884     24.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       149456                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         173     26.37%     26.37% |         162     24.70%     51.07% |         160     24.39%     75.46% |         161     24.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          656                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         173     26.37%     26.37% |         162     24.70%     51.07% |         160     24.39%     75.46% |         161     24.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          656                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       23936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        23936                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       23936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           23936                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       23936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        23936                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       23936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        23936                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     3393227     95.83%     95.83% |          10      0.00%     95.83% |       17868      0.50%     96.34% |       17868      0.50%     96.84% |       18442      0.52%     97.36% |       17568      0.50%     97.86% |       18154      0.51%     98.37% |       17856      0.50%     98.88% |       19584      0.55%     99.43% |       20160      0.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      3540737                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     3498011    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      3498011                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     4907845     99.51%     99.51% |           0      0.00%     99.51% |        2918      0.06%     99.57% |        2917      0.06%     99.63% |        3014      0.06%     99.69% |        2869      0.06%     99.75% |        2965      0.06%     99.81% |        2918      0.06%     99.87% |        3208      0.07%     99.93% |        3304      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      4931958                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       13039     59.43%     59.43% |          10      0.05%     59.48% |        1057      4.82%     64.30% |        1193      5.44%     69.73% |        1137      5.18%     74.92% |        1053      4.80%     79.72% |        1103      5.03%     84.74% |        1070      4.88%     89.62% |        1123      5.12%     94.74% |        1154      5.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        21939                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      499128     80.88%     80.88% |           0      0.00%     80.88% |       14299      2.32%     83.20% |       14300      2.32%     85.52% |       14768      2.39%     87.91% |       14006      2.27%     90.18% |       14529      2.35%     92.54% |       14246      2.31%     94.84% |       15672      2.54%     97.38% |       16148      2.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total       617096                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         122     12.02%     12.02% |         125     12.32%     24.33% |         128     12.61%     36.95% |         120     11.82%     48.77% |         125     12.32%     61.08% |         123     12.12%     73.20% |         136     13.40%     86.60% |         136     13.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         1015                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           5      0.08%      0.08% |           0      0.00%      0.08% |         735     12.06%     12.14% |         741     12.16%     24.30% |         767     12.59%     36.89% |         722     11.85%     48.74% |         751     12.32%     61.06% |         740     12.14%     73.20% |         815     13.37%     86.58% |         818     13.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         6094                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      161489     62.13%     62.13% |           5      0.00%     62.13% |       11930      4.59%     66.72% |       11930      4.59%     71.31% |       12306      4.73%     76.05% |       11717      4.51%     80.56% |       12113      4.66%     85.22% |       11922      4.59%     89.80% |       13061      5.03%     94.83% |       13440      5.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       259913                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.08%      0.08% |         737     12.09%     12.18% |         736     12.08%     24.25% |         767     12.59%     36.84% |         726     11.91%     48.75% |         752     12.34%     61.09% |         725     11.90%     72.99% |         810     13.29%     86.28% |         836     13.72%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total         6094                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      338512     95.11%     95.11% |           0      0.00%     95.11% |        2108      0.59%     95.70% |        2109      0.59%     96.29% |        2176      0.61%     96.90% |        2075      0.58%     97.48% |        2146      0.60%     98.09% |        2109      0.59%     98.68% |        2313      0.65%     99.33% |        2384      0.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       355932                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      377368     78.28%     78.28% |           0      0.00%     78.28% |       12699      2.63%     80.92% |       12568      2.61%     83.52% |       13087      2.71%     86.24% |       12464      2.59%     88.82% |       12895      2.67%     91.50% |       12664      2.63%     94.12% |       13942      2.89%     97.02% |       14383      2.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total       482070                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      162006     60.78%     60.78% |          10      0.00%     60.79% |       12667      4.75%     65.54% |       12667      4.75%     70.29% |       13073      4.90%     75.20% |       12444      4.67%     79.86% |       12869      4.83%     84.69% |       12648      4.75%     89.44% |       13872      5.20%     94.64% |       14280      5.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       266536                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      120595    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       120595                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      216629     92.56%     92.56% |           0      0.00%     92.56% |        2108      0.90%     93.46% |        2108      0.90%     94.36% |        2176      0.93%     95.29% |        2074      0.89%     96.18% |        2142      0.92%     97.09% |        2108      0.90%     98.00% |        2312      0.99%     98.98% |        2380      1.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       234037                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11002     55.73%     55.73% |           0      0.00%     55.73% |        1057      5.35%     61.08% |        1073      5.44%     66.52% |        1122      5.68%     72.20% |        1053      5.33%     77.54% |        1103      5.59%     83.12% |        1055      5.34%     88.47% |        1123      5.69%     94.15% |        1154      5.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        19742                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         164    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          164                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |         606    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total          606                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         382     25.16%     25.16% |           0      0.00%     25.16% |         119      7.84%     33.00% |         242     15.94%     48.95% |         140      9.22%     58.17% |         117      7.71%     65.88% |         121      7.97%     73.85% |         132      8.70%     82.54% |         131      8.63%     91.17% |         134      8.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1518                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       10561    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        10561                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     3376750    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      3376750                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        1362     99.63%     99.63% |           5      0.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         1367                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      120458     90.94%     90.94% |           0      0.00%     90.94% |        1445      1.09%     92.04% |        1453      1.10%     93.13% |        1510      1.14%     94.27% |        1425      1.08%     95.35% |        1483      1.12%     96.47% |        1448      1.09%     97.56% |        1599      1.21%     98.77% |        1631      1.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       132452                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1693022     97.53%     97.53% |           0      0.00%     97.53% |        5189      0.30%     97.83% |        5189      0.30%     98.12% |        5359      0.31%     98.43% |        5124      0.30%     98.73% |        5275      0.30%     99.03% |        5208      0.30%     99.33% |        5712      0.33%     99.66% |        5880      0.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1735958                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       26144    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        26144                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |         476     79.20%     79.20% |           5      0.83%     80.03% |           0      0.00%     80.03% |         105     17.47%     97.50% |          15      2.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total          601                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      134786     60.20%     60.20% |           0      0.00%     60.20% |       10821      4.83%     65.03% |       10679      4.77%     69.80% |       11164      4.99%     74.79% |       10605      4.74%     79.52% |       10972      4.90%     84.42% |       10816      4.83%     89.25% |       11828      5.28%     94.54% |       12233      5.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       223904                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         734     12.06%     12.06% |         741     12.18%     24.24% |         767     12.60%     36.84% |         722     11.87%     48.71% |         751     12.34%     61.05% |         740     12.16%     73.21% |         813     13.36%     86.57% |         817     13.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total         6085                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     1525694    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      1525694                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     4662124     99.86%     99.86% |           0      0.00%     99.86% |         810      0.02%     99.87% |         809      0.02%     99.89% |         838      0.02%     99.91% |         795      0.02%     99.93% |         823      0.02%     99.94% |         810      0.02%     99.96% |         896      0.02%     99.98% |         924      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      4668829                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         199     86.90%     86.90% |           0      0.00%     86.90% |           0      0.00%     86.90% |          15      6.55%     93.45% |           0      0.00%     93.45% |           0      0.00%     93.45% |           0      0.00%     93.45% |          15      6.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          229                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      242582     93.96%     93.96% |           0      0.00%     93.96% |        1878      0.73%     94.69% |        1889      0.73%     95.42% |        1923      0.74%     96.17% |        1859      0.72%     96.89% |        1923      0.74%     97.63% |        1848      0.72%     98.35% |        2114      0.82%     99.17% |        2150      0.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       258166                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         122     12.03%     12.03% |         125     12.33%     24.36% |         128     12.62%     36.98% |         120     11.83%     48.82% |         125     12.33%     61.14% |         123     12.13%     73.27% |         135     13.31%     86.59% |         136     13.41%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total         1014                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         911     87.01%     87.01% |           0      0.00%     87.01% |          36      3.44%     90.45% |          37      3.53%     93.98% |          31      2.96%     96.94% |           0      0.00%     96.94% |          30      2.87%     99.81% |           2      0.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total         1047                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      161489     62.13%     62.13% |           5      0.00%     62.13% |       11930      4.59%     66.72% |       11930      4.59%     71.31% |       12306      4.73%     76.05% |       11717      4.51%     80.56% |       12113      4.66%     85.22% |       11922      4.59%     89.80% |       13061      5.03%     94.83% |       13440      5.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       259913                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.08%      0.08% |         737     12.09%     12.18% |         736     12.08%     24.25% |         767     12.59%     36.84% |         726     11.91%     48.75% |         752     12.34%     61.09% |         725     11.90%     72.99% |         810     13.29%     86.28% |         836     13.72%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total         6094                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      121880     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       121892                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |           9    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      216632     92.56%     92.56% |           0      0.00%     92.56% |        2108      0.90%     93.46% |        2108      0.90%     94.36% |        2176      0.93%     95.29% |        2074      0.89%     96.18% |        2142      0.92%     97.09% |        2108      0.90%     98.00% |        2312      0.99%     98.98% |        2380      1.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       234040                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1780     97.59%     97.59% |           0      0.00%     97.59% |          12      0.66%     98.25% |          12      0.66%     98.90% |          10      0.55%     99.45% |           0      0.00%     99.45% |          10      0.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1824                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          60    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           60                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        2927    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         2927                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           2     50.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      377368     78.28%     78.28% |           0      0.00%     78.28% |       12698      2.63%     80.92% |       12568      2.61%     83.52% |       13087      2.71%     86.24% |       12464      2.59%     88.82% |       12895      2.67%     91.50% |       12664      2.63%     94.13% |       13939      2.89%     97.02% |       14382      2.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       482065                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           3     60.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3742      3.09%      3.09% |        3665      3.02%      6.11% |        3399      2.80%      8.92% |        3426      2.83%     11.74% |        3476      2.87%     14.61% |        3980      3.28%     17.89% |        3695      3.05%     20.94% |        3240      2.67%     23.61% |        3449      2.85%     26.46% |        4983      4.11%     30.57% |        3814      3.15%     33.72% |        3726      3.07%     36.79% |        3457      2.85%     39.64% |        4231      3.49%     43.13% |        3787      3.12%     46.26% |        3679      3.04%     49.29% |        4083      3.37%     52.66% |        4070      3.36%     56.02% |        3569      2.94%     58.97% |        3273      2.70%     61.67% |        2996      2.47%     64.14% |        3582      2.96%     67.09% |        3429      2.83%     69.92% |        3307      2.73%     72.65% |        3551      2.93%     75.58% |        3610      2.98%     78.56% |        3123      2.58%     81.13% |        4574      3.77%     84.91% |        3904      3.22%     88.13% |        5095      4.20%     92.33% |        4946      4.08%     96.41% |        4347      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       121208                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       47059     17.64%     17.64% |        7805      2.93%     20.57% |        6459      2.42%     22.99% |        7341      2.75%     25.75% |        6718      2.52%     28.26% |        6505      2.44%     30.70% |        6109      2.29%     32.99% |        6267      2.35%     35.34% |        6550      2.46%     37.80% |        6587      2.47%     40.27% |        8657      3.25%     43.51% |        9133      3.42%     46.94% |        7706      2.89%     49.83% |        6417      2.41%     52.23% |        5929      2.22%     54.46% |        6308      2.37%     56.82% |       10302      3.86%     60.69% |        6553      2.46%     63.14% |        6863      2.57%     65.72% |        6962      2.61%     68.33% |        7219      2.71%     71.03% |        7635      2.86%     73.90% |        6632      2.49%     76.38% |        6613      2.48%     78.86% |        6568      2.46%     81.32% |        6505      2.44%     83.76% |        6314      2.37%     86.13% |        5999      2.25%     88.38% |        7133      2.67%     91.05% |        6419      2.41%     93.46% |        7236      2.71%     96.17% |       10205      3.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       266708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       16454      7.03%      7.03% |        7764      3.32%     10.35% |        6297      2.69%     13.04% |        7488      3.20%     16.24% |        6630      2.83%     19.07% |        6564      2.80%     21.88% |        6154      2.63%     24.50% |        6641      2.84%     27.34% |        6550      2.80%     30.14% |        6171      2.64%     32.78% |        6867      2.93%     35.71% |        6636      2.84%     38.55% |        6428      2.75%     41.29% |        6805      2.91%     44.20% |        6091      2.60%     46.80% |        6162      2.63%     49.44% |        6748      2.88%     52.32% |        6259      2.67%     54.99% |        6425      2.75%     57.74% |        7279      3.11%     60.85% |        7682      3.28%     64.13% |        8265      3.53%     67.66% |        7093      3.03%     70.69% |        7145      3.05%     73.75% |        7274      3.11%     76.85% |        6898      2.95%     79.80% |        6938      2.96%     82.77% |        6964      2.98%     85.74% |        8431      3.60%     89.34% |        7567      3.23%     92.58% |        9124      3.90%     96.48% |        8249      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       234043                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           1      5.56%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           4     22.22%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      5.56%     38.89% |           0      0.00%     38.89% |           7     38.89%     77.78% |           1      5.56%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1      5.56%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1      5.56%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       56793     11.78%     11.78% |       15381      3.19%     14.97% |       12589      2.61%     17.58% |       14643      3.04%     20.62% |       13171      2.73%     23.35% |       12556      2.60%     25.96% |       12084      2.51%     28.46% |       12745      2.64%     31.11% |       12942      2.68%     33.79% |       12603      2.61%     36.41% |       15353      3.18%     39.59% |       15607      3.24%     42.83% |       13978      2.90%     45.73% |       13061      2.71%     48.44% |       11846      2.46%     50.90% |       12302      2.55%     53.45% |       10388      2.15%     55.60% |       12653      2.62%     58.23% |       13086      2.71%     60.94% |       14073      2.92%     63.86% |       14747      3.06%     66.92% |       15726      3.26%     70.18% |       13566      2.81%     73.00% |       13602      2.82%     75.82% |       13684      2.84%     78.66% |       13246      2.75%     81.40% |       13097      2.72%     84.12% |       12807      2.66%     86.78% |       15410      3.20%     89.97% |       13833      2.87%     92.84% |       16206      3.36%     96.20% |       18295      3.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total       482073                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        6368      4.26%      4.26% |        4607      3.09%      7.35% |        4628      3.10%     10.45% |        4610      3.09%     13.54% |        4595      3.08%     16.61% |        4607      3.09%     19.70% |        4610      3.09%     22.79% |        4597      3.08%     25.87% |        4612      3.09%     28.95% |        4618      3.09%     32.05% |        4618      3.09%     35.14% |        4611      3.09%     38.23% |        4595      3.08%     41.31% |        4606      3.08%     44.39% |        4599      3.08%     47.47% |        4600      3.08%     50.55% |        4634      3.10%     53.65% |        4613      3.09%     56.74% |        4629      3.10%     59.84% |        4619      3.09%     62.94% |        4611      3.09%     66.03% |        4631      3.10%     69.13% |        4615      3.09%     72.22% |        4612      3.09%     75.31% |        4626      3.10%     78.40% |        4624      3.10%     81.50% |        4618      3.09%     84.59% |        4608      3.09%     87.68% |        4611      3.09%     90.77% |        4595      3.08%     93.85% |        4597      3.08%     96.92% |        4592      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       149316                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        3365      3.23%      3.23% |        3273      3.14%      6.37% |        3302      3.17%      9.54% |        3268      3.14%     12.68% |        3274      3.14%     15.82% |        3239      3.11%     18.93% |        3247      3.12%     22.05% |        3247      3.12%     25.16% |        3251      3.12%     28.28% |        3286      3.15%     31.44% |        3298      3.17%     34.60% |        3263      3.13%     37.73% |        3278      3.15%     40.88% |        3273      3.14%     44.02% |        3275      3.14%     47.16% |        3246      3.12%     50.28% |        3256      3.13%     53.41% |        3246      3.12%     56.52% |        3246      3.12%     59.64% |        3214      3.08%     62.72% |        3234      3.10%     65.83% |        3218      3.09%     68.91% |        3235      3.11%     72.02% |        3210      3.08%     75.10% |        3256      3.13%     78.23% |        3286      3.15%     81.38% |        3272      3.14%     84.52% |        3214      3.08%     87.60% |        3251      3.12%     90.73% |        3241      3.11%     93.84% |        3214      3.08%     96.92% |        3208      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       104186                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       10843      3.78%      3.78% |        8925      3.11%      6.89% |        8974      3.13%     10.02% |        8923      3.11%     13.12% |        8913      3.11%     16.23% |        8891      3.10%     19.33% |        8901      3.10%     22.43% |        8888      3.10%     25.53% |        8907      3.10%     28.63% |        8948      3.12%     31.75% |        8960      3.12%     34.87% |        8918      3.11%     37.98% |        8917      3.11%     41.09% |        8923      3.11%     44.20% |        8918      3.11%     47.30% |        8890      3.10%     50.40% |        8934      3.11%     53.51% |        8903      3.10%     56.62% |        8918      3.11%     59.72% |        8877      3.09%     62.82% |        8889      3.10%     65.91% |        8893      3.10%     69.01% |        8894      3.10%     72.11% |        8866      3.09%     75.20% |        8926      3.11%     78.31% |        8954      3.12%     81.43% |        8934      3.11%     84.55% |        8865      3.09%     87.63% |        8906      3.10%     90.74% |        8880      3.09%     93.83% |        8855      3.09%     96.92% |        8844      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       286977                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |        9819      3.86%      3.86% |        7901      3.11%      6.97% |        7950      3.13%     10.10% |        7899      3.11%     13.21% |        7889      3.10%     16.31% |        7867      3.09%     19.40% |        7877      3.10%     22.50% |        7864      3.09%     25.60% |        7883      3.10%     28.70% |        7924      3.12%     31.81% |        7936      3.12%     34.94% |        7894      3.11%     38.04% |        7893      3.10%     41.15% |        7899      3.11%     44.25% |        7894      3.11%     47.36% |        7866      3.09%     50.45% |        7910      3.11%     53.56% |        7879      3.10%     56.66% |        7894      3.11%     59.77% |        7853      3.09%     62.86% |        7865      3.09%     65.95% |        7869      3.10%     69.05% |        7870      3.10%     72.14% |        7842      3.08%     75.23% |        7902      3.11%     78.34% |        7930      3.12%     81.46% |        7910      3.11%     84.57% |        7841      3.08%     87.65% |        7882      3.10%     90.75% |        7856      3.09%     93.84% |        7831      3.08%     96.92% |        7820      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       254209                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          52     22.22%     22.22% |           4      1.71%     23.93% |           7      2.99%     26.92% |           6      2.56%     29.49% |           5      2.14%     31.62% |           5      2.14%     33.76% |           4      1.71%     35.47% |           8      3.42%     38.89% |           6      2.56%     41.45% |           7      2.99%     44.44% |           6      2.56%     47.01% |           5      2.14%     49.15% |           7      2.99%     52.14% |           5      2.14%     54.27% |           6      2.56%     56.84% |           3      1.28%     58.12% |           3      1.28%     59.40% |           5      2.14%     61.54% |           9      3.85%     65.38% |           6      2.56%     67.95% |           4      1.71%     69.66% |           8      3.42%     73.08% |          10      4.27%     77.35% |           5      2.14%     79.49% |           6      2.56%     82.05% |           5      2.14%     84.19% |           7      2.99%     87.18% |           7      2.99%     90.17% |           7      2.99%     93.16% |           5      2.14%     95.30% |           7      2.99%     98.29% |           4      1.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          234                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |        3035     49.84%     49.84% |           0      0.00%     49.84% |           0      0.00%     49.84% |           0      0.00%     49.84% |           0      0.00%     49.84% |           0      0.00%     49.84% |           0      0.00%     49.84% |           0      0.00%     49.84% |           0      0.00%     49.84% |           0      0.00%     49.84% |           0      0.00%     49.84% |           0      0.00%     49.84% |           0      0.00%     49.84% |           0      0.00%     49.84% |           0      0.00%     49.84% |           0      0.00%     49.84% |        3054     50.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total         6089                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |        2186     49.97%     49.97% |           1      0.02%     49.99% |           1      0.02%     50.01% |           1      0.02%     50.03% |           0      0.00%     50.03% |           0      0.00%     50.03% |           1      0.02%     50.06% |           0      0.00%     50.06% |           0      0.00%     50.06% |           1      0.02%     50.08% |           0      0.00%     50.08% |           0      0.00%     50.08% |           0      0.00%     50.08% |           0      0.00%     50.08% |           0      0.00%     50.08% |           0      0.00%     50.08% |        2184     49.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total         4375                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        2602     15.01%     15.01% |         381      2.20%     17.21% |         394      2.27%     19.48% |         393      2.27%     21.75% |         400      2.31%     24.06% |         390      2.25%     26.31% |         403      2.32%     28.63% |         403      2.32%     30.95% |         390      2.25%     33.20% |         400      2.31%     35.51% |         430      2.48%     37.99% |         426      2.46%     40.45% |         430      2.48%     42.93% |         429      2.47%     45.41% |         433      2.50%     47.90% |         432      2.49%     50.40% |        2615     15.09%     65.48% |         408      2.35%     67.83% |         403      2.32%     70.16% |         385      2.22%     72.38% |         383      2.21%     74.59% |         391      2.26%     76.84% |         387      2.23%     79.08% |         387      2.23%     81.31% |         415      2.39%     83.70% |         426      2.46%     86.16% |         430      2.48%     88.64% |         395      2.28%     90.92% |         396      2.28%     93.20% |         396      2.28%     95.49% |         393      2.27%     97.76% |         389      2.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        17335                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        3035     49.80%     49.80% |           1      0.02%     49.82% |           1      0.02%     49.84% |           1      0.02%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           1      0.02%     49.87% |           0      0.00%     49.87% |           0      0.00%     49.87% |           1      0.02%     49.89% |           0      0.00%     49.89% |           0      0.00%     49.89% |           0      0.00%     49.89% |           0      0.00%     49.89% |           0      0.00%     49.89% |           0      0.00%     49.89% |        3054     50.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total         6094                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       60433     12.23%     12.23% |       15544      3.15%     15.38% |       12750      2.58%     17.96% |       14804      3.00%     20.96% |       13333      2.70%     23.66% |       12717      2.57%     26.23% |       12240      2.48%     28.71% |       12902      2.61%     31.32% |       13097      2.65%     33.97% |       12757      2.58%     36.56% |       15511      3.14%     39.70% |       15760      3.19%     42.89% |       14131      2.86%     45.75% |       13215      2.68%     48.42% |       12002      2.43%     50.85% |       12462      2.52%     53.38% |       13983      2.83%     56.21% |       12805      2.59%     58.80% |       13238      2.68%     61.48% |       14226      2.88%     64.36% |       14901      3.02%     67.37% |       15885      3.22%     70.59% |       13721      2.78%     73.37% |       13755      2.78%     76.15% |       13837      2.80%     78.95% |       13398      2.71%     81.67% |       13251      2.68%     84.35% |       12960      2.62%     86.97% |       15562      3.15%     90.12% |       13986      2.83%     92.95% |       16358      3.31%     96.27% |       18447      3.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total       493971                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         172     12.13%     12.13% |          42      2.96%     15.09% |          40      2.82%     17.91% |          42      2.96%     20.87% |          40      2.82%     23.70% |          42      2.96%     26.66% |          40      2.82%     29.48% |          40      2.82%     32.30% |          40      2.82%     35.12% |          40      2.82%     37.94% |          40      2.82%     40.76% |          40      2.82%     43.58% |          40      2.82%     46.40% |          40      2.82%     49.22% |          40      2.82%     52.05% |          40      2.82%     54.87% |          40      2.82%     57.69% |          40      2.82%     60.51% |          40      2.82%     63.33% |          40      2.82%     66.15% |          40      2.82%     68.97% |          40      2.82%     71.79% |          40      2.82%     74.61% |          40      2.82%     77.43% |          40      2.82%     80.25% |          40      2.82%     83.07% |          40      2.82%     85.90% |          40      2.82%     88.72% |          40      2.82%     91.54% |          40      2.82%     94.36% |          40      2.82%     97.18% |          40      2.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1418                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         398      3.22%      3.22% |         358      2.90%      6.12% |         375      3.04%      9.16% |         371      3.00%     12.16% |         378      3.06%     15.22% |         365      2.95%     18.17% |         379      3.07%     21.24% |         386      3.12%     24.37% |         373      3.02%     27.39% |         383      3.10%     30.49% |         407      3.29%     33.78% |         404      3.27%     37.05% |         412      3.34%     40.39% |         407      3.29%     43.68% |         408      3.30%     46.98% |         405      3.28%     50.26% |         413      3.34%     53.61% |         390      3.16%     56.76% |         389      3.15%     59.91% |         370      3.00%     62.91% |         363      2.94%     65.85% |         370      3.00%     68.84% |         369      2.99%     71.83% |         367      2.97%     74.80% |         395      3.20%     78.00% |         406      3.29%     81.28% |         412      3.34%     84.62% |         380      3.08%     87.70% |         382      3.09%     90.79% |         382      3.09%     93.88% |         384      3.11%     96.99% |         372      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        12353                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |        5740      4.63%      4.63% |        3870      3.12%      7.75% |        3893      3.14%     10.89% |        3839      3.10%     13.98% |        3831      3.09%     17.07% |        3815      3.08%     20.15% |        3812      3.07%     23.22% |        3808      3.07%     26.29% |        3824      3.08%     29.37% |        3854      3.11%     32.48% |        3857      3.11%     35.59% |        3799      3.06%     38.65% |        3805      3.07%     41.72% |        3813      3.07%     44.80% |        3808      3.07%     47.87% |        3787      3.05%     50.92% |        3805      3.07%     53.99% |        3803      3.07%     57.05% |        3818      3.08%     60.13% |        3801      3.06%     63.20% |        3817      3.08%     66.28% |        3801      3.06%     69.34% |        3824      3.08%     72.42% |        3792      3.06%     75.48% |        3811      3.07%     78.55% |        3838      3.09%     81.65% |        3806      3.07%     84.72% |        3784      3.05%     87.77% |        3821      3.08%     90.85% |        3799      3.06%     93.91% |        3768      3.04%     96.95% |        3784      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       124027                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        4705      3.12%      3.12% |        4697      3.12%      6.24% |        4706      3.12%      9.37% |        4713      3.13%     12.50% |        4704      3.12%     15.62% |        4711      3.13%     18.75% |        4710      3.13%     21.88% |        4694      3.12%     24.99% |        4710      3.13%     28.12% |        4711      3.13%     31.25% |        4696      3.12%     34.37% |        4715      3.13%     37.50% |        4700      3.12%     40.62% |        4703      3.12%     43.74% |        4702      3.12%     46.86% |        4698      3.12%     49.98% |        4716      3.13%     53.12% |        4710      3.13%     56.24% |        4712      3.13%     59.37% |        4706      3.12%     62.50% |        4709      3.13%     65.62% |        4722      3.14%     68.76% |        4701      3.12%     71.88% |        4707      3.13%     75.01% |        4720      3.13%     78.14% |        4710      3.13%     81.27% |        4716      3.13%     84.40% |        4702      3.12%     87.52% |        4703      3.12%     90.64% |        4699      3.12%     93.76% |        4703      3.12%     96.89% |        4688      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       150599                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3338      3.07%      3.07% |        3299      3.03%      6.10% |        3020      2.78%      8.88% |        3048      2.80%     11.68% |        3096      2.85%     14.53% |        3609      3.32%     17.85% |        3310      3.04%     20.89% |        2851      2.62%     23.51% |        3076      2.83%     26.34% |        4600      4.23%     30.57% |        3405      3.13%     33.70% |        3319      3.05%     36.76% |        3042      2.80%     39.55% |        3823      3.52%     43.07% |        3371      3.10%     46.17% |        3274      3.01%     49.18% |        3669      3.37%     52.55% |        3679      3.38%     55.94% |        3166      2.91%     58.85% |        2900      2.67%     61.51% |        2632      2.42%     63.93% |        3209      2.95%     66.88% |        3058      2.81%     69.70% |        2937      2.70%     72.40% |        3152      2.90%     75.30% |        3202      2.94%     78.24% |        2709      2.49%     80.73% |        4192      3.85%     84.59% |        3519      3.24%     87.82% |        4712      4.33%     92.15% |        4561      4.19%     96.35% |        3971      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       108749                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |          38      5.58%      5.58% |          24      3.52%      9.10% |           6      0.88%      9.99% |          24      3.52%     13.51% |          15      2.20%     15.71% |         352     51.69%     67.40% |          22      3.23%     70.63% |           6      0.88%     71.51% |           3      0.44%     71.95% |           0      0.00%     71.95% |          12      1.76%     73.72% |           9      1.32%     75.04% |           3      0.44%     75.48% |           7      1.03%     76.51% |          22      3.23%     79.74% |           7      1.03%     80.76% |           5      0.73%     81.50% |           7      1.03%     82.53% |          57      8.37%     90.90% |          16      2.35%     93.25% |           0      0.00%     93.25% |          12      1.76%     95.01% |           4      0.59%     95.59% |           3      0.44%     96.04% |           5      0.73%     96.77% |           5      0.73%     97.50% |           2      0.29%     97.80% |           3      0.44%     98.24% |           3      0.44%     98.68% |           0      0.00%     98.68% |           2      0.29%     98.97% |           7      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total          681                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           2      7.69%      7.69% |           6     23.08%     30.77% |           2      7.69%     38.46% |           4     15.38%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           3     11.54%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           4     15.38%     80.77% |           1      3.85%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      3.85%     88.46% |           1      3.85%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           2      7.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           1      5.56%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           4     22.22%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      5.56%     38.89% |           0      0.00%     38.89% |           7     38.89%     77.78% |           1      5.56%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1      5.56%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1      5.56%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           3     75.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           3     13.64%     27.27% |           2      9.09%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           2      9.09%     45.45% |           3     13.64%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           1      4.55%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           1      4.55%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           1      4.55%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           1      4.55%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           1      4.55%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           2      9.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |        2585     15.47%     15.47% |         358      2.14%     17.61% |         373      2.23%     19.84% |         372      2.23%     22.07% |         379      2.27%     24.34% |         368      2.20%     26.54% |         379      2.27%     28.81% |         385      2.30%     31.11% |         370      2.21%     33.32% |         381      2.28%     35.60% |         408      2.44%     38.04% |         406      2.43%     40.47% |         412      2.47%     42.94% |         408      2.44%     45.38% |         410      2.45%     47.83% |         403      2.41%     50.25% |        2595     15.53%     65.77% |         389      2.33%     68.10% |         387      2.32%     70.42% |         367      2.20%     72.61% |         362      2.17%     74.78% |         370      2.21%     76.99% |         371      2.22%     79.21% |         367      2.20%     81.41% |         396      2.37%     83.78% |         407      2.44%     86.21% |         413      2.47%     88.68% |         377      2.26%     90.94% |         379      2.27%     93.21% |         379      2.27%     95.48% |         382      2.29%     97.76% |         374      2.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        16712                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           6      6.06%      6.06% |           8      8.08%     14.14% |           4      4.04%     18.18% |           7      7.07%     25.25% |           2      2.02%     27.27% |           6      6.06%     33.33% |           4      4.04%     37.37% |           1      1.01%     38.38% |           0      0.00%     38.38% |           0      0.00%     38.38% |           2      2.02%     40.40% |           3      3.03%     43.43% |           3      3.03%     46.46% |           1      1.01%     47.47% |           8      8.08%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      1.01%     56.57% |           1      1.01%     57.58% |          14     14.14%     71.72% |           3      3.03%     74.75% |           1      1.01%     75.76% |           3      3.03%     78.79% |           2      2.02%     80.81% |           3      3.03%     83.84% |           4      4.04%     87.88% |           2      2.02%     89.90% |           2      2.02%     91.92% |           2      2.02%     93.94% |           1      1.01%     94.95% |           0      0.00%     94.95% |           1      1.01%     95.96% |           4      4.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           99                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       38240     28.14%     28.14% |        3910      2.88%     31.02% |        2559      1.88%     32.90% |        3477      2.56%     35.46% |        2872      2.11%     37.57% |        2338      1.72%     39.29% |        2274      1.67%     40.97% |        2453      1.81%     42.77% |        2723      2.00%     44.78% |        2732      2.01%     46.79% |        4787      3.52%     50.31% |        5325      3.92%     54.23% |        3898      2.87%     57.10% |        2597      1.91%     59.01% |        2099      1.54%     60.55% |        2513      1.85%     62.40% |        3434      2.53%     64.93% |        2743      2.02%     66.95% |        2988      2.20%     69.14% |        3145      2.31%     71.46% |        3402      2.50%     73.96% |        3820      2.81%     76.77% |        2804      2.06%     78.84% |        2818      2.07%     80.91% |        2752      2.03%     82.94% |        2662      1.96%     84.89% |        2506      1.84%     86.74% |        2212      1.63%     88.37% |        3309      2.44%     90.80% |        2620      1.93%     92.73% |        3466      2.55%     95.28% |        6414      4.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       135892                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       11241     13.64%     13.64% |        3061      3.71%     17.36% |        1589      1.93%     19.29% |        2771      3.36%     22.65% |        1926      2.34%     24.99% |        1853      2.25%     27.23% |        1444      1.75%     28.99% |        1947      2.36%     31.35% |        1840      2.23%     33.58% |        1460      1.77%     35.35% |        2171      2.63%     37.99% |        1921      2.33%     40.32% |        1725      2.09%     42.41% |        2102      2.55%     44.96% |        1389      1.69%     46.65% |        1464      1.78%     48.43% |        1522      1.85%     50.27% |        1549      1.88%     52.15% |        1709      2.07%     54.23% |        2572      3.12%     57.35% |        2973      3.61%     60.96% |        3541      4.30%     65.25% |        2392      2.90%     68.16% |        2437      2.96%     71.12% |        2553      3.10%     74.21% |        2188      2.66%     76.87% |        2222      2.70%     79.57% |        2260      2.74%     82.31% |        3728      4.52%     86.83% |        2868      3.48%     90.31% |        4421      5.37%     95.68% |        3561      4.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total        82400                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        6357      4.26%      4.26% |        4598      3.08%      7.34% |        4619      3.10%     10.44% |        4602      3.08%     13.52% |        4588      3.08%     16.60% |        4599      3.08%     19.68% |        4604      3.09%     22.77% |        4595      3.08%     25.85% |        4611      3.09%     28.94% |        4617      3.09%     32.03% |        4614      3.09%     35.13% |        4610      3.09%     38.22% |        4594      3.08%     41.29% |        4604      3.09%     44.38% |        4598      3.08%     47.46% |        4599      3.08%     50.54% |        4632      3.10%     53.65% |        4613      3.09%     56.74% |        4626      3.10%     59.84% |        4618      3.10%     62.94% |        4610      3.09%     66.03% |        4625      3.10%     69.13% |        4613      3.09%     72.22% |        4610      3.09%     75.31% |        4623      3.10%     78.41% |        4623      3.10%     81.51% |        4616      3.09%     84.60% |        4605      3.09%     87.69% |        4608      3.09%     90.78% |        4588      3.08%     93.85% |        4589      3.08%     96.93% |        4584      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       149192                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |         774      0.89%      0.89% |        2898      3.34%      4.23% |        2911      3.35%      7.58% |        2878      3.32%     10.90% |        2876      3.31%     14.21% |        2852      3.29%     17.50% |        2847      3.28%     20.78% |        2838      3.27%     24.05% |        2856      3.29%     27.34% |        2881      3.32%     30.66% |        2866      3.30%     33.96% |        2833      3.26%     37.22% |        2842      3.27%     40.50% |        2841      3.27%     43.77% |        2837      3.27%     47.04% |        2812      3.24%     50.28% |         640      0.74%     51.02% |        2833      3.26%     54.28% |        2837      3.27%     57.55% |        2824      3.25%     60.80% |        2848      3.28%     64.08% |        2825      3.25%     67.34% |        2840      3.27%     70.61% |        2820      3.25%     73.86% |        2838      3.27%     77.13% |        2856      3.29%     80.42% |        2837      3.27%     83.69% |        2815      3.24%     86.93% |        2851      3.28%     90.22% |        2847      3.28%     93.50% |        2822      3.25%     96.75% |        2823      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total        86798                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          34      5.18%      5.18% |          21      3.20%      8.37% |          20      3.04%     11.42% |          21      3.20%     14.61% |          20      3.04%     17.66% |          21      3.20%     20.85% |          20      3.04%     23.90% |          20      3.04%     26.94% |          20      3.04%     29.98% |          20      3.04%     33.03% |          20      3.04%     36.07% |          20      3.04%     39.12% |          20      3.04%     42.16% |          20      3.04%     45.21% |          20      3.04%     48.25% |          20      3.04%     51.29% |          20      3.04%     54.34% |          20      3.04%     57.38% |          20      3.04%     60.43% |          20      3.04%     63.47% |          20      3.04%     66.51% |          20      3.04%     69.56% |          20      3.04%     72.60% |          20      3.04%     75.65% |          20      3.04%     78.69% |          20      3.04%     81.74% |          20      3.04%     84.78% |          20      3.04%     87.82% |          20      3.04%     90.87% |          20      3.04%     93.91% |          20      3.04%     96.96% |          20      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          657                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        3035     49.80%     49.80% |           1      0.02%     49.82% |           1      0.02%     49.84% |           1      0.02%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           1      0.02%     49.87% |           0      0.00%     49.87% |           0      0.00%     49.87% |           1      0.02%     49.89% |           0      0.00%     49.89% |           0      0.00%     49.89% |           0      0.00%     49.89% |           0      0.00%     49.89% |           0      0.00%     49.89% |           0      0.00%     49.89% |        3054     50.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total         6094                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |         506     49.85%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |         509     50.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total         1015                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       56791     11.78%     11.78% |       15381      3.19%     14.97% |       12589      2.61%     17.58% |       14643      3.04%     20.62% |       13171      2.73%     23.35% |       12556      2.60%     25.96% |       12084      2.51%     28.46% |       12745      2.64%     31.11% |       12942      2.68%     33.79% |       12603      2.61%     36.41% |       15353      3.18%     39.59% |       15607      3.24%     42.83% |       13978      2.90%     45.73% |       13061      2.71%     48.44% |       11846      2.46%     50.90% |       12302      2.55%     53.45% |       10382      2.15%     55.60% |       12653      2.62%     58.23% |       13086      2.71%     60.94% |       14073      2.92%     63.86% |       14747      3.06%     66.92% |       15726      3.26%     70.18% |       13566      2.81%     73.00% |       13602      2.82%     75.82% |       13684      2.84%     78.66% |       13246      2.75%     81.40% |       13097      2.72%     84.12% |       12807      2.66%     86.78% |       15410      3.20%     89.97% |       13833      2.87%     92.84% |       16206      3.36%     96.20% |       18295      3.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total       482065                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |          10      9.80%      9.80% |           7      6.86%     16.67% |           6      5.88%     22.55% |           6      5.88%     28.43% |           7      6.86%     35.29% |           6      5.88%     41.18% |           3      2.94%     44.12% |           2      1.96%     46.08% |           1      0.98%     47.06% |           0      0.00%     47.06% |           4      3.92%     50.98% |           1      0.98%     51.96% |           1      0.98%     52.94% |           2      1.96%     54.90% |           0      0.00%     54.90% |           1      0.98%     55.88% |           2      1.96%     57.84% |           0      0.00%     57.84% |           2      1.96%     59.80% |           1      0.98%     60.78% |           1      0.98%     61.76% |           5      4.90%     66.67% |           2      1.96%     68.63% |           1      0.98%     69.61% |           2      1.96%     71.57% |           1      0.98%     72.55% |           2      1.96%     74.51% |           2      1.96%     76.47% |           3      2.94%     79.41% |           7      6.86%     86.27% |           8      7.84%     94.12% |           6      5.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          102                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |           6      0.89%      0.89% |          17      2.51%      3.40% |          18      2.66%      6.07% |          18      2.66%      8.73% |          19      2.81%     11.54% |          19      2.81%     14.35% |          21      3.11%     17.46% |          24      3.55%     21.01% |          25      3.70%     24.70% |          24      3.55%     28.25% |          24      3.55%     31.80% |          24      3.55%     35.36% |          24      3.55%     38.91% |          24      3.55%     42.46% |          28      4.14%     46.60% |          31      4.59%     51.18% |          21      3.11%     54.29% |          24      3.55%     57.84% |          22      3.25%     61.09% |          23      3.40%     64.50% |          24      3.55%     68.05% |          23      3.40%     71.45% |          24      3.55%     75.00% |          23      3.40%     78.40% |          22      3.25%     81.66% |          23      3.40%     85.06% |          22      3.25%     88.31% |          22      3.25%     91.57% |          21      3.11%     94.67% |          15      2.22%     96.89% |          10      1.48%     98.37% |          11      1.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total          676                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          52    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           52                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     28.57%     28.57% |           2     28.57%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           2     28.57%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |        9819      3.86%      3.86% |        7901      3.11%      6.97% |        7950      3.13%     10.10% |        7899      3.11%     13.21% |        7889      3.10%     16.31% |        7867      3.09%     19.40% |        7877      3.10%     22.50% |        7864      3.09%     25.60% |        7883      3.10%     28.70% |        7924      3.12%     31.81% |        7936      3.12%     34.94% |        7894      3.11%     38.04% |        7893      3.10%     41.15% |        7899      3.11%     44.25% |        7894      3.11%     47.36% |        7866      3.09%     50.45% |        7910      3.11%     53.56% |        7879      3.10%     56.66% |        7894      3.11%     59.77% |        7853      3.09%     62.86% |        7865      3.09%     65.95% |        7869      3.10%     69.05% |        7870      3.10%     72.14% |        7842      3.08%     75.23% |        7902      3.11%     78.34% |        7930      3.12%     81.46% |        7910      3.11%     84.57% |        7841      3.08%     87.65% |        7882      3.10%     90.75% |        7856      3.09%     93.84% |        7831      3.08%     96.92% |        7820      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       254209                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          34      5.18%      5.18% |          21      3.20%      8.37% |          20      3.04%     11.42% |          21      3.20%     14.61% |          20      3.04%     17.66% |          21      3.20%     20.85% |          20      3.04%     23.90% |          20      3.04%     26.94% |          20      3.04%     29.98% |          20      3.04%     33.03% |          20      3.04%     36.07% |          20      3.04%     39.12% |          20      3.04%     42.16% |          20      3.04%     45.21% |          20      3.04%     48.25% |          20      3.04%     51.29% |          20      3.04%     54.34% |          20      3.04%     57.38% |          20      3.04%     60.43% |          20      3.04%     63.47% |          20      3.04%     66.51% |          20      3.04%     69.56% |          20      3.04%     72.60% |          20      3.04%     75.65% |          20      3.04%     78.69% |          20      3.04%     81.74% |          20      3.04%     84.78% |          20      3.04%     87.82% |          20      3.04%     90.87% |          20      3.04%     93.91% |          20      3.04%     96.96% |          20      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          657                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          51     58.62%     58.62% |           1      1.15%     59.77% |           1      1.15%     60.92% |           0      0.00%     60.92% |           0      0.00%     60.92% |           2      2.30%     63.22% |           0      0.00%     63.22% |           1      1.15%     64.37% |           0      0.00%     64.37% |           0      0.00%     64.37% |           2      2.30%     66.67% |           1      1.15%     67.82% |           1      1.15%     68.97% |           2      2.30%     71.26% |           0      0.00%     71.26% |           0      0.00%     71.26% |           1      1.15%     72.41% |           0      0.00%     72.41% |           2      2.30%     74.71% |           1      1.15%     75.86% |           0      0.00%     75.86% |           3      3.45%     79.31% |           2      2.30%     81.61% |           1      1.15%     82.76% |           2      2.30%     85.06% |           1      1.15%     86.21% |           2      2.30%     88.51% |           2      2.30%     90.80% |           3      3.45%     94.25% |           2      2.30%     96.55% |           2      2.30%     98.85% |           1      1.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           87                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |          11     16.42%     16.42% |           6      8.96%     25.37% |           5      7.46%     32.84% |           6      8.96%     41.79% |           7     10.45%     52.24% |           4      5.97%     58.21% |           3      4.48%     62.69% |           1      1.49%     64.18% |           1      1.49%     65.67% |           0      0.00%     65.67% |           2      2.99%     68.66% |           0      0.00%     68.66% |           0      0.00%     68.66% |           0      0.00%     68.66% |           0      0.00%     68.66% |           1      1.49%     70.15% |           1      1.49%     71.64% |           0      0.00%     71.64% |           0      0.00%     71.64% |           0      0.00%     71.64% |           1      1.49%     73.13% |           2      2.99%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           5      7.46%     83.58% |           6      8.96%     92.54% |           5      7.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           67                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          52    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           52                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           1      0.70%      0.70% |           2      1.41%      2.11% |           5      3.52%      5.63% |           5      3.52%      9.15% |           5      3.52%     12.68% |           3      2.11%     14.79% |           3      2.11%     16.90% |           7      4.93%     21.83% |           6      4.23%     26.06% |           6      4.23%     30.28% |           4      2.82%     33.10% |           4      2.82%     35.92% |           6      4.23%     40.14% |           3      2.11%     42.25% |           6      4.23%     46.48% |           3      2.11%     48.59% |           2      1.41%     50.00% |           5      3.52%     53.52% |           7      4.93%     58.45% |           5      3.52%     61.97% |           4      2.82%     64.79% |           5      3.52%     68.31% |           8      5.63%     73.94% |           4      2.82%     76.76% |           4      2.82%     79.58% |           4      2.82%     82.39% |           5      3.52%     85.92% |           5      3.52%     89.44% |           4      2.82%     92.25% |           3      2.11%     94.37% |           5      3.52%     97.89% |           3      2.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          142                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |           5      0.94%      0.94% |          15      2.81%      3.75% |          13      2.43%      6.18% |          13      2.43%      8.61% |          14      2.62%     11.24% |          16      3.00%     14.23% |          18      3.37%     17.60% |          17      3.18%     20.79% |          19      3.56%     24.34% |          18      3.37%     27.72% |          20      3.75%     31.46% |          20      3.75%     35.21% |          18      3.37%     38.58% |          21      3.93%     42.51% |          22      4.12%     46.63% |          28      5.24%     51.87% |          19      3.56%     55.43% |          19      3.56%     58.99% |          15      2.81%     61.80% |          18      3.37%     65.17% |          20      3.75%     68.91% |          18      3.37%     72.28% |          16      3.00%     75.28% |          19      3.56%     78.84% |          18      3.37%     82.21% |          19      3.56%     85.77% |          17      3.18%     88.95% |          17      3.18%     92.13% |          17      3.18%     95.32% |          12      2.25%     97.57% |           5      0.94%     98.50% |           8      1.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total          534                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |        2186     50.02%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |        2184     49.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total         4370                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |        2585     15.47%     15.47% |         358      2.14%     17.61% |         373      2.23%     19.84% |         372      2.23%     22.07% |         379      2.27%     24.34% |         368      2.20%     26.54% |         379      2.27%     28.81% |         385      2.30%     31.11% |         370      2.21%     33.32% |         381      2.28%     35.60% |         408      2.44%     38.04% |         406      2.43%     40.47% |         412      2.47%     42.94% |         408      2.44%     45.38% |         410      2.45%     47.83% |         403      2.41%     50.25% |        2595     15.53%     65.77% |         389      2.33%     68.10% |         387      2.32%     70.42% |         367      2.20%     72.61% |         362      2.17%     74.78% |         370      2.21%     76.99% |         371      2.22%     79.21% |         367      2.20%     81.41% |         396      2.37%     83.78% |         407      2.44%     86.21% |         413      2.47%     88.68% |         377      2.26%     90.94% |         379      2.27%     93.21% |         379      2.27%     95.48% |         382      2.29%     97.76% |         374      2.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        16712                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           3     13.64%     27.27% |           2      9.09%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           2      9.09%     45.45% |           3     13.64%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           1      4.55%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           1      4.55%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           1      4.55%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           1      4.55%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           1      4.55%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           2      9.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           2     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           4     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |        5738      4.63%      4.63% |        3870      3.12%      7.75% |        3893      3.14%     10.89% |        3839      3.10%     13.98% |        3831      3.09%     17.07% |        3815      3.08%     20.15% |        3812      3.07%     23.22% |        3808      3.07%     26.29% |        3824      3.08%     29.37% |        3854      3.11%     32.48% |        3857      3.11%     35.59% |        3799      3.06%     38.65% |        3805      3.07%     41.72% |        3813      3.07%     44.80% |        3808      3.07%     47.87% |        3787      3.05%     50.92% |        3801      3.06%     53.99% |        3803      3.07%     57.05% |        3818      3.08%     60.13% |        3801      3.06%     63.20% |        3817      3.08%     66.27% |        3801      3.06%     69.34% |        3824      3.08%     72.42% |        3792      3.06%     75.48% |        3811      3.07%     78.55% |        3838      3.09%     81.65% |        3806      3.07%     84.72% |        3784      3.05%     87.77% |        3821      3.08%     90.85% |        3799      3.06%     93.91% |        3768      3.04%     96.95% |        3784      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       124021                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         400      3.24%      3.24% |         358      2.90%      6.13% |         375      3.03%      9.17% |         371      3.00%     12.17% |         378      3.06%     15.23% |         365      2.95%     18.18% |         379      3.07%     21.25% |         386      3.12%     24.37% |         373      3.02%     27.39% |         383      3.10%     30.49% |         407      3.29%     33.79% |         404      3.27%     37.06% |         412      3.33%     40.39% |         407      3.29%     43.68% |         408      3.30%     46.99% |         405      3.28%     50.26% |         417      3.37%     53.64% |         390      3.16%     56.79% |         388      3.14%     59.93% |         370      2.99%     62.93% |         363      2.94%     65.87% |         370      2.99%     68.86% |         369      2.99%     71.85% |         367      2.97%     74.82% |         395      3.20%     78.01% |         406      3.29%     81.30% |         412      3.33%     84.63% |         379      3.07%     87.70% |         382      3.09%     90.79% |         382      3.09%     93.88% |         384      3.11%     96.99% |         372      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        12357                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        4705      3.12%      3.12% |        4697      3.12%      6.24% |        4706      3.12%      9.37% |        4713      3.13%     12.50% |        4704      3.12%     15.62% |        4711      3.13%     18.75% |        4710      3.13%     21.88% |        4694      3.12%     24.99% |        4710      3.13%     28.12% |        4711      3.13%     31.25% |        4696      3.12%     34.37% |        4715      3.13%     37.50% |        4700      3.12%     40.62% |        4703      3.12%     43.74% |        4702      3.12%     46.86% |        4698      3.12%     49.98% |        4716      3.13%     53.12% |        4710      3.13%     56.24% |        4712      3.13%     59.37% |        4706      3.12%     62.50% |        4709      3.13%     65.62% |        4722      3.14%     68.76% |        4701      3.12%     71.88% |        4707      3.13%     75.01% |        4720      3.13%     78.14% |        4710      3.13%     81.27% |        4716      3.13%     84.40% |        4702      3.12%     87.52% |        4703      3.12%     90.64% |        4699      3.12%     93.76% |        4703      3.12%     96.89% |        4688      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       150599                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           3      6.82%      6.82% |           6     13.64%     20.45% |           3      6.82%     27.27% |           4      9.09%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           3      6.82%     43.18% |           0      0.00%     43.18% |           4      9.09%     52.27% |           0      0.00%     52.27% |           1      2.27%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |          11     25.00%     79.55% |           2      4.55%     84.09% |           0      0.00%     84.09% |           1      2.27%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           1      2.27%     88.64% |           1      2.27%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           1      2.27%     93.18% |           2      4.55%     97.73% |           1      2.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           44                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       60430     12.23%     12.23% |       15538      3.15%     15.38% |       12747      2.58%     17.96% |       14800      3.00%     20.96% |       13333      2.70%     23.66% |       12717      2.57%     26.23% |       12240      2.48%     28.71% |       12902      2.61%     31.32% |       13097      2.65%     33.97% |       12757      2.58%     36.56% |       15511      3.14%     39.70% |       15760      3.19%     42.89% |       14128      2.86%     45.75% |       13215      2.68%     48.42% |       11998      2.43%     50.85% |       12462      2.52%     53.38% |       13982      2.83%     56.21% |       12805      2.59%     58.80% |       13227      2.68%     61.48% |       14224      2.88%     64.36% |       14901      3.02%     67.37% |       15884      3.22%     70.59% |       13721      2.78%     73.37% |       13754      2.78%     76.15% |       13836      2.80%     78.95% |       13398      2.71%     81.67% |       13250      2.68%     84.35% |       12958      2.62%     86.97% |       15561      3.15%     90.12% |       13986      2.83%     92.95% |       16358      3.31%     96.27% |       18447      3.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       493927                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |        2969     51.12%     51.12% |           0      0.00%     51.12% |           0      0.00%     51.12% |           0      0.00%     51.12% |           0      0.00%     51.12% |           0      0.00%     51.12% |           0      0.00%     51.12% |           0      0.00%     51.12% |           0      0.00%     51.12% |           0      0.00%     51.12% |           0      0.00%     51.12% |           0      0.00%     51.12% |           0      0.00%     51.12% |           0      0.00%     51.12% |           0      0.00%     51.12% |           0      0.00%     51.12% |        2839     48.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total         5808                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          66     23.49%     23.49% |           0      0.00%     23.49% |           0      0.00%     23.49% |           0      0.00%     23.49% |           0      0.00%     23.49% |           0      0.00%     23.49% |           0      0.00%     23.49% |           0      0.00%     23.49% |           0      0.00%     23.49% |           0      0.00%     23.49% |           0      0.00%     23.49% |           0      0.00%     23.49% |           0      0.00%     23.49% |           0      0.00%     23.49% |           0      0.00%     23.49% |           0      0.00%     23.49% |         215     76.51%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total          281                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |          66     23.49%     23.49% |           0      0.00%     23.49% |           0      0.00%     23.49% |           0      0.00%     23.49% |           0      0.00%     23.49% |           0      0.00%     23.49% |           0      0.00%     23.49% |           0      0.00%     23.49% |           0      0.00%     23.49% |           0      0.00%     23.49% |           0      0.00%     23.49% |           0      0.00%     23.49% |           0      0.00%     23.49% |           0      0.00%     23.49% |           0      0.00%     23.49% |           0      0.00%     23.49% |         215     76.51%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total          281                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        2969     51.08%     51.08% |           1      0.02%     51.09% |           1      0.02%     51.11% |           1      0.02%     51.13% |           0      0.00%     51.13% |           0      0.00%     51.13% |           1      0.02%     51.14% |           0      0.00%     51.14% |           0      0.00%     51.14% |           1      0.02%     51.16% |           0      0.00%     51.16% |           0      0.00%     51.16% |           0      0.00%     51.16% |           0      0.00%     51.16% |           0      0.00%     51.16% |           0      0.00%     51.16% |        2839     48.84%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total         5813                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       16555     10.32%     10.32% |       80191     50.00%     60.32% |        7620      4.75%     65.07% |        7953      4.96%     70.03% |        7839      4.89%     74.92% |        7757      4.84%     79.76% |        7839      4.89%     84.64% |        7716      4.81%     89.46% |        8401      5.24%     94.69% |        8511      5.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       160382                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       16555     10.32%     10.32% |       80191     50.00%     60.32% |        7620      4.75%     65.07% |        7953      4.96%     70.03% |        7839      4.89%     74.92% |        7757      4.84%     79.76% |        7839      4.89%     84.64% |        7716      4.81%     89.46% |        8401      5.24%     94.69% |        8511      5.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       160382                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       16555     10.32%     10.32% |       80191     50.00%     60.32% |        7620      4.75%     65.07% |        7953      4.96%     70.03% |        7839      4.89%     74.92% |        7757      4.84%     79.76% |        7839      4.89%     84.64% |        7716      4.81%     89.46% |        8401      5.24%     94.69% |        8511      5.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       160382                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       16555     10.32%     10.32% |       80191     50.00%     60.32% |        7620      4.75%     65.07% |        7953      4.96%     70.03% |        7839      4.89%     74.92% |        7757      4.84%     79.76% |        7839      4.89%     84.64% |        7716      4.81%     89.46% |        8401      5.24%     94.69% |        8511      5.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       160382                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
