
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.130688                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                130687947500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5306856026000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  34087                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    58850                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              104302954                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3716580                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1252.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    42710289                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      73736663                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21454400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          21454400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     13551296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       13551296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       335225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             335225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       211739                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            211739                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    164165100                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            164165100                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    103692010                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           103692010                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    267857111                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           267857111                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     335225                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    211739                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   335225                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  211739                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              21453120                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1280                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               13551168                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               21454400                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            13551296                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    20                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            20689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            21313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            20884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            21361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            20959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            21182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            21092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            21065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            20833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            21038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           20808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           21195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           20657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           20567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           20786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           20776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            13281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            13212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            13149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            13368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            13198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            13318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            13250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            13423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            13175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            13388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           13164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           13120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           13064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           13085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           13364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           13178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                   100940                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     2994                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 130687401500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               335225                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              211739                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 175721                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   5152                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   2399                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   1096                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   1248                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   1308                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   1388                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   1435                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   1455                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   1575                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  1605                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  1685                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  1782                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  1719                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  1762                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  1733                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  1804                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  1730                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  1732                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  1804                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  1868                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  1834                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  1792                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  1761                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                  1827                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                  1970                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                  1977                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                  2013                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                  2058                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  2105                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  2193                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                103674                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  37570                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  38568                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  39078                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  39313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  39195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   5467                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   5983                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   6565                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       152665                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.282363                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   167.894456                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   190.906087                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        51924     34.01%     34.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        30511     19.99%     54.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        52950     34.68%     88.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5945      3.89%     92.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4043      2.65%     95.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2304      1.51%     96.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1350      0.88%     97.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1083      0.71%     98.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2555      1.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       152665                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        37844                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.856437                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    23.963008                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        37823     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           20      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        37844                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        37844                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.594995                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.406544                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.898555                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          34442     91.01%     91.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2255      5.96%     96.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          679      1.79%     98.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          468      1.24%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        37844                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 33749381139                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            40034474889                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1676025000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                   100682.81                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              119432.81                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      164.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      103.69                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   164.17                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   103.69                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.27                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  255190                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 139079                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                76.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               65.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    238932.36                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   72.09                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   28041635500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     4363840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    98279461500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              582543360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              571596480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              317856000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              311883000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1314588600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1299877800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            688169520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            683886240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         8535671040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         8535671040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        49693954320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        49260446235                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        34819620000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        35199890250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          95952402840                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          95863251045                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          734.228395                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          733.546205                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20799232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          20799232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     12923840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       12923840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       324988                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             324988                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       201935                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            201935                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    159151876                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            159151876                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     98890833                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            98890833                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    258042709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           258042709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     324988                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    201935                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   324988                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  201935                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              20798016                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1216                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               12923840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               20799232                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            12923840                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    19                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            20059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            20698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            20233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            20685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            20379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            20545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            20444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            20515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            20186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            20382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           20150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           20570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           20016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           19893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           20081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           20133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            12669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            12613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            12546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            12759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            12597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            12718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            12630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            12795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            12560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            12765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           12553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           12514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           12462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           12474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           12706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           12574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                    59472                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     2466                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 130687127000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               324988                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              201935                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 171222                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1974                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   1596                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   1727                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   1870                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   2073                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   2197                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   2288                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   2557                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   2663                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  2850                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  2927                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  3059                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  3230                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  3140                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  3297                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  3282                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  3304                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  3322                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  3422                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  3362                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  3508                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  3556                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  3437                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                  3361                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                  3484                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  3643                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  3605                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  3695                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  3810                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  3844                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                 63664                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  35829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  36871                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  37239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  37512                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  37706                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   5453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   5746                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   5579                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       126739                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   266.067682                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   206.100035                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   197.227639                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25606     20.20%     20.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        30006     23.68%     43.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        53041     41.85%     85.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5944      4.69%     90.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4392      3.47%     93.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2203      1.74%     95.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1446      1.14%     96.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1075      0.85%     97.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3026      2.39%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       126739                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        36141                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.991699                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.186956                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        36101     99.89%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           38      0.11%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        36141                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        36141                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.587421                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.394102                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.928359                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          32855     90.91%     90.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2120      5.87%     96.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          723      2.00%     98.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          443      1.23%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        36141                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 28548034740                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            34641203490                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1624845000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    87848.49                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              106598.49                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      159.14                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       98.89                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   159.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    98.89                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.23                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  255280                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 144878                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                78.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               71.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    248019.40                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   75.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   28548984000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     4363840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    97771869750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              485949240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              472174920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              265150875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              257635125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1275697800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1258959000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            656592480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            651913920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         8535671040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         8535671040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        49132206495                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        48192924870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        35312381250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        36136312500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          95663649180                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          95505591375                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          732.018850                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          730.809391                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20797504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          20797504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     12924416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       12924416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       324961                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             324961                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       201944                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            201944                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    159138654                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            159138654                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     98895241                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            98895241                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    258033894                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           258033894                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     324961                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    201944                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   324961                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  201944                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              20796480                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               12924416                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               20797504                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            12924416                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            20056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            20679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            20244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            20730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            20380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            20525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            20418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            20489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            20154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            20392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           20159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           20586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           20032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           19856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           20076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           20169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            12663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            12612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            12542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            12767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            12597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            12702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            12638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            12794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            12544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            12771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           12550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           12528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           12468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           12469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           12712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           12587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                    56846                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     2226                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 130687857500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               324961                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              201944                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 171363                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   1775                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   1629                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   1685                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   1831                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   2049                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   2189                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   2381                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   2536                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   2774                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  2818                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  2942                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  2993                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  2986                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  3149                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  3228                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  3141                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  3327                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  3466                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  3418                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  3538                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  3584                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  3551                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  3653                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                  3701                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  3896                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  3982                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  4026                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  4033                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  4027                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  4135                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                 61139                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  35841                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  36920                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  37402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  37529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  37675                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   5416                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   5837                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   5324                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       126295                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   266.993436                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   206.892865                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   197.218214                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25630     20.29%     20.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        28807     22.81%     43.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        53803     42.60%     85.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5919      4.69%     90.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4429      3.51%     93.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2181      1.73%     95.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1450      1.15%     96.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1016      0.80%     97.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3060      2.42%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       126295                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        36146                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.989598                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.232221                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        36105     99.89%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           39      0.11%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        36146                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        36146                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.586898                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.393574                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.927971                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          32876     90.95%     90.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2102      5.82%     96.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          730      2.02%     98.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          438      1.21%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        36146                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 28512655878                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            34605374628                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1624725000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    87746.10                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              106496.10                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      159.13                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       98.90                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   159.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    98.90                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.23                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  255287                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 145301                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                78.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               71.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    248029.26                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   76.03                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   28403646750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     4363840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    97917309750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              484081920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              470685600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              264132000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              256822500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1275401400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1259068200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            656514720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            652050000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         8535671040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         8535671040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        48864243510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        47936369295                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        35547436500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        36361361250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          95627481090                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          95472027885                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          731.742092                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          730.552563                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20776192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          20776192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     12923008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       12923008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       324628                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             324628                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       201922                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            201922                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    158975578                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            158975578                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     98884467                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            98884467                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    257860045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           257860045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     324628                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    201922                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   324628                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  201922                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              20775360                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               12922752                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               20776192                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            12923008                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    13                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            20050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            20651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            20160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            20704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            20313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            20518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            20429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            20472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            20145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            20381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           20194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           20539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           19976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           19848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           20096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           20139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            12669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            12602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            12550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            12757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            12595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            12705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            12634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            12787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            12541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            12773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           12550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           12534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           12464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           12474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           12714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           12569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                    52278                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     2028                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 130687130500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               324628                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              201922                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 170964                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   1863                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   1611                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   1748                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   1840                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   2074                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   2343                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   2608                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   2709                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   2888                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  3051                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  3099                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  3154                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  3222                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  3229                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  3399                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  3491                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  3720                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  3831                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  3657                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  3623                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  3744                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  3822                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  3914                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  3940                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  3984                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  4036                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  4159                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                  4172                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                  4075                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  4081                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                 56564                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  35889                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  36940                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  37307                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  37647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  37790                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   5592                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   5777                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   4980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       125481                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   268.546919                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   208.786197                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   197.345565                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        24629     19.63%     19.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        29120     23.21%     42.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        53729     42.82%     85.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5938      4.73%     90.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4306      3.43%     93.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2196      1.75%     95.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1424      1.13%     96.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1073      0.86%     97.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3066      2.44%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       125481                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        36173                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.972797                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.615378                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        36129     99.88%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           41      0.11%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        36173                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        36173                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.582009                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.392153                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.905949                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          32910     90.98%     90.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2120      5.86%     96.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          731      2.02%     98.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          412      1.14%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        36173                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 28001120966                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            34087652216                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1623075000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    86259.48                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              105009.48                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      158.97                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       98.88                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   158.98                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    98.88                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.22                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  255100                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 145948                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                78.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               72.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    248195.10                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   76.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27931741000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     4363840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    98389610500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              480914280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              467714520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              262403625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              255201375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1273654200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1258241400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            656417520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            652011120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         8535671040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         8535671040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        48638083185                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        47891812680                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        35745822750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        36400446000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          95592966600                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          95461098135                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          731.477987                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          730.468928                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1177                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1177                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1413                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1413                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               239                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              239                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          956                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          956                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          838                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4348                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               203500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              518000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              518588                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              127088                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1883500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          375                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1536000                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          375                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                256                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                2559                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               11834323                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 36.391186                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                26.337138                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                59.770623                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    11649903     98.44%     98.44% |      127513      1.08%     99.52% |       50321      0.43%     99.94% |        6423      0.05%    100.00% |         162      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 11834323                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     31871856                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.113248                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.519588                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      3.790921                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    29979216     94.06%     94.06% |     1296780      4.07%     98.13% |       23173      0.07%     98.20% |       25550      0.08%     98.28% |       24047      0.08%     98.36% |       36273      0.11%     98.47% |       55400      0.17%     98.65% |      135042      0.42%     99.07% |      296375      0.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      31871856                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            31871855                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              24.293104                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.872385                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            137.013200                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    31723495     99.53%     99.53% |      128909      0.40%     99.94% |       14138      0.04%     99.98% |        4164      0.01%    100.00% |         987      0.00%    100.00% |         153      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              31871855                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        29951402                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000182                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000157                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.013497                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    29945973     99.98%     99.98% |        5423      0.02%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          29951402                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1920453                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        356.377704                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       207.279187                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       440.680581                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1772093     92.27%     92.27% |      128909      6.71%     98.99% |       14138      0.74%     99.72% |        4164      0.22%     99.94% |         987      0.05%     99.99% |         153      0.01%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1920453                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     7471104                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    2359296                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         121533                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       121533                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          204                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          111                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles          112                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          117                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     23036067                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1173384                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     24209451                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      6914040                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       125755                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      7039795                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       330241                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        44948                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       120063                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2085461                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        70090                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           17                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           17                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          171                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77653                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        13861                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits          160                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77664                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        13612                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          155                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77669                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        13721                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          160                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77664                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        13598                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits          159                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77665                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        13981                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits          173                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        82515                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        82688                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        14540                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          170                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77654                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        14183                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          147                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        72813                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        72960                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        13301                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       125005                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        50859                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       175864                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        17431                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        40605                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        58036                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        17397                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        40652                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        58049                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        14315                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        40612                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        54927                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        11255                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        40665                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        51920                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        10708                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        40641                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        51349                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        11236                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        40634                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        51870                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         9818                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        40569                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        50387                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        14131                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        40627                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        54758                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        12015                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        40634                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        52649                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        13091                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        40654                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        53745                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        16819                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        40585                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        57404                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        12137                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        40631                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        52768                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        17060                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        40613                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        57673                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        26519                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        40682                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        67201                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        20989                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        40604                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        61593                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        16112                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        40562                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        56674                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        16567                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        40655                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        57222                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        14586                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        40707                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        55293                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        15178                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        40633                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        55811                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        16459                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        40558                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        57017                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        19043                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        40579                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        59622                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        19807                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        40595                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        60402                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        15880                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        40600                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        56480                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        27983                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        40582                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        68565                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        22509                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        40561                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        63070                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        16570                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        40568                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        57138                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        13170                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        40525                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        53695                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         9139                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        40576                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        49715                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         8734                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        40585                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        49319                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        14532                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        40646                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        55178                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        14457                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        40602                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        55059                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     18625233                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     18625233                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     18886113                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     18625233                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7766162                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7752229                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     18625233                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.071258                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      7629551                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      7629551                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7856316                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7629551                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3571335                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3554115                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      7629551                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.029190                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      5817597                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      5817597                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6089497                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5817597                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2345116                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2322737                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      5817597                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.022258                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      4855060                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      4855060                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5114222                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4855060                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2028015                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2010440                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      4855060                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.018575                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      6723594                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      6723594                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7001147                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6723594                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3185296                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3142642                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      6723594                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.025724                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      6727427                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      6727427                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6988835                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6727427                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3116321                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3096691                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      6727427                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.025739                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      7588564                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      7588564                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7929856                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7588564                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2879448                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2853100                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      7588564                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.029033                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      5004272                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      5004272                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5337267                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5004272                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2059369                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2033864                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      5004272                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.019146                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      3293858                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      3293858                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3441459                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3293858                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1435240                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1419430                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      3293858                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.012602                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      4472437                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      4472437                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4690178                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4472437                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2078856                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2054425                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      4472437                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.017111                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      3136085                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      3136085                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3231497                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3136085                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1267706                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1261097                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      3136085                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.011998                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      2728047                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      2728047                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2752277                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2728047                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1090212                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1089391                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      2728047                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.010437                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      3790458                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      3790458                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3823558                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3790458                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1674915                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1673922                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      3790458                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.014502                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      2894647                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      2894647                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2920455                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2894647                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1171263                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1170395                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      2894647                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.011075                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1684050                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1684050                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1709068                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1684050                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       656373                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       655438                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1684050                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.006443                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      2497790                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      2497790                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2543090                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2497790                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       988022                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       985762                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      2497790                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.009556                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      3515254                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      3515254                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3565090                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3515254                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1299325                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1296902                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      3515254                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.013449                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      2675478                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      2675478                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2729624                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2675478                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1026013                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1023254                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      2675478                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.010236                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      2666336                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      2666336                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2733297                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2666336                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1069859                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1065080                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      2666336                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.010201                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      1584591                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      1584591                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1603575                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1584591                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       628396                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       627647                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      1584591                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.006062                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1451336                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1451336                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1455605                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1451336                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       633326                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       633232                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1451336                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.005553                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2049134                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2049134                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2054691                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2049134                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       956003                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       955394                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2049134                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.007840                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      1705111                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      1705111                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1711936                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1705111                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       743662                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       743527                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      1705111                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.006524                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1059685                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1059685                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1059685                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1059685                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       433957                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       433957                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1059685                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.004054                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1394620                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1394620                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1399032                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1394620                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       581421                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       581336                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1394620                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.005336                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      1881896                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      1881896                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1887807                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1881896                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       862101                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       861540                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      1881896                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.007200                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      1640030                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      1640030                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1646700                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1640030                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       703514                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       703378                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      1640030                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.006275                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1060955                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1060955                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1060955                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1060955                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       431867                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       431867                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1060955                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.004059                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      6133253                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      6133253                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6526083                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6133253                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2510807                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2499261                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      6133253                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.023465                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      6141355                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      6141355                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6435154                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6141355                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2485378                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2470627                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      6141355                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.023496                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      6271617                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      6271617                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6620166                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6271617                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2500905                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2486649                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      6271617                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.023995                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      6411654                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      6411654                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6737357                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6411654                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2590424                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2571522                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      6411654                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.024530                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     9858188     27.86%     27.86% |    23714175     67.02%     94.88% |     1812272      5.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     35384635                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     9858188     27.86%     27.86% |    23714175     67.02%     94.88% |     1812272      5.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     35384635                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   322116802                       |   576550484                       |    40192777                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   245599371                       |    95127891                       |     1812273                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   32.675052                       |   24.312483                       |   22.178115                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   24.913237                       |    4.011436                       |    1.000001                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    26.532987                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     9.680460                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         36.213447                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002118                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.046173      7.08%      7.08% |    0.046015      7.05%     14.13% |    0.045864      7.03%     21.16% |    0.045740      7.01%     28.18% |    0.109781     16.83%     45.01% |    0.107420     16.47%     61.47% |    0.109657     16.81%     78.28% |    0.107272     16.45%     94.73% |    0.008592      1.32%     96.05% |    0.008595      1.32%     97.36% |    0.008595      1.32%     98.68% |    0.008596      1.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.652300                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.016154                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.028941                       |    0.000000                       |    0.001173                       |    0.001173                       |    0.001173                       |    0.001173                       |    0.001173                       |    0.001247                       |    0.001173                       |    0.001100                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004933                       |    0.002001                       |    0.001881                       |    0.001966                       |    0.001980                       |    0.001899                       |    0.001810                       |    0.001802                       |    0.001937                       |    0.001927                       |    0.002001                       |    0.001930                       |    0.001862                       |    0.001846                       |    0.001859                       |    0.001825                       |    0.001925                       |    0.001876                       |    0.001903                       |    0.001988                       |    0.001995                       |    0.002213                       |    0.002083                       |    0.001971                       |    0.001983                       |    0.001939                       |    0.001952                       |    0.001974                       |    0.002036                       |    0.002050                       |    0.002238                       |    0.002114                       |    0.007689                       |    0.007453                       |    0.007452                       |    0.007444                       |    0.000092                       |           0                       |    0.000147                       |    0.000613                       |    0.000058                       |    0.000063                       |    0.000057                       |    0.000063                       |    0.000057                       |    0.000067                       |    0.000050                       |    0.000050                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002116                       |    0.000093                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002088                       |    0.001256                       |    0.001781                       |    0.002024                       |    0.000050                       |    0.002341                       |    0.004731                       |    0.001676                       |           0                       |    0.002147                       |    0.005708                       |           0                       |    0.004998                       |    0.008205                       |    0.002408                       |    0.001781                       |    0.001993                       |    0.000058                       |    0.004943                       |    0.003867                       |    0.009616                       |    0.001781                       |    0.002052                       |    0.000063                       |    0.007667                       |    0.004180                       |    0.002832                       |           0                       |    0.002163                       |    0.005480                       |           0                       |    0.008167                       |    0.004597                       |    0.003089                       |           0                       |    0.002036                       |           0                       |    0.003913                       |    0.002304                       |    0.002185                       |           0                       |    0.002096                       |           0                       |    0.001983                       |    0.001256                       |           0                       |    0.002263                       |           0                       |    0.001125                       |    0.002213                       |    0.002240                       |    0.001670                       |    0.002010                       |    0.000050                       |    0.002357                       |    0.004176                       |    0.004801                       |    0.002047                       |    0.001781                       |    0.002071                       |    0.000057                       |    0.004067                       |    0.008275                       |    0.006485                       |    0.002989                       |    0.029399                       |    0.004369                       |    0.000147                       |    0.003274                       |    0.013587                       |    0.016688                       |    0.003794                       |    0.000000                       |    0.002109                       |    0.000613                       |    0.003338                       |    0.005991                       |    0.013315                       |    0.003824                       |    0.001781                       |    0.001982                       |    0.000063                       |    0.005901                       |    0.004969                       |    0.007438                       |    0.003603                       |           0                       |    0.001965                       |           0                       |    0.001927                       |    0.003801                       |    0.003848                       |    0.002960                       |           0                       |    0.002051                       |           0                       |    0.001049                       |    0.001939                       |    0.002161                       |           0                       |    0.002161                       |           0                       |    0.000195                       |    0.002083                       |    0.002084                       |           0                       |    0.002091                       |           0                       |    0.001871                       |    0.002200                       |    0.003871                       |    0.001964                       |           0                       |    0.002360                       |    0.005479                       |           0                       |    0.001717                       |    0.005004                       |    0.007506                       |    0.001928                       |    0.001781                       |    0.001909                       |    0.000057                       |    0.015144                       |    0.004953                       |    0.003172                       |    0.002016                       |    0.001892                       |    0.001911                       |    0.000067                       |    0.002087                       |    0.007499                       |    0.003718                       |    0.001972                       |           0                       |    0.002211                       |    0.005477                       |           0                       |    0.002399                       |    0.008116                       |    0.004317                       |    0.002011                       |           0                       |    0.001937                       |           0                       |    0.001078                       |    0.003798                       |    0.002161                       |    0.002101                       |           0                       |    0.002081                       |           0                       |    0.000156                       |    0.001952                       |    0.002085                       |           0                       |    0.002084                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001971                       |           0                       |    0.001964                       |           0                       |    0.000862                       |           0                       |    0.003616                       |           0                       |    0.001928                       |           0                       |    0.002492                       |    0.000649                       |    0.004488                       |           0                       |    0.002016                       |           0                       |    0.007195                       |    0.002187                       |    0.002052                       |           0                       |    0.001972                       |           0                       |    0.000918                       |    0.005021                       |    0.002325                       |           0                       |    0.002011                       |           0                       |    0.003854                       |    0.004336                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002101                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003962                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002085                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001974                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.652300                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         6741988                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      6741988                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       392145                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      4199188                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         3563567                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     84.863240                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          496950                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30342                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             13665439                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              84188                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            18898870                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            182131                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         13749627                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        19081001                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  32564309                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  266319                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              32830628                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              7047024                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9650                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          7056674                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   7047024                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9650                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               7056674                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                257629057                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     24242026                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               50656278                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             6741988                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      4060517                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             227800622                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          908810                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             145157                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       190369                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       427506                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3405                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       340585                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           7046350                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        217769                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3869                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    253604075                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.360040                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.510846                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        236672556     93.32%     93.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          2300106      0.91%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1303991      0.51%     94.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1052383      0.41%     95.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1854270      0.73%     95.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          1497938      0.59%     96.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1152694      0.45%     96.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           741680      0.29%     97.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          7028457      2.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    253604075                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.026169                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.196625                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         12002236                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     228758817                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6897288                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       5491322                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         454405                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       86678407                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         454405                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         14329328                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       122708468                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     15554903                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           9919937                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      90637027                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       84599623                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         59555                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        2127397                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         514617                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       87232049                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     83705901                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     204433668                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    133466301                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           85                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      71472598                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         12233290                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       389233                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       395081                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          40189794                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      7105934                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     19276343                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads       780857                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       589927                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           82888193                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       480579                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          87206935                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       320028                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9372517                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14509771                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       129014                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    253604075                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.343870                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.031375                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    216604935     85.41%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14113363      5.57%     90.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11421793      4.50%     95.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      3571313      1.41%     96.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3338787      1.32%     98.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2317816      0.91%     99.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1394777      0.55%     99.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       507171      0.20%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       334120      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    253604075                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          135450     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         928741     76.10%     87.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        156282     12.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       574091      0.66%      0.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      53544060     61.40%     62.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        56415      0.06%     62.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         51941      0.06%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13853873     15.89%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19126555     21.93%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       87206935                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.338498                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1220473                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.013995                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    429558408                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     92750258                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     78937711                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           38                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          144                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           12                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       87853298                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              19                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1240816                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1340625                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2709                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         9247                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       752139                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1798                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      7812916                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         454405                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5084920                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     115437411                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     83368772                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       128470                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       7105934                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19276343                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       471567                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          73133                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     115296600                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         9247                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       137196                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       335052                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       472248                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      86498249                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      13654925                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       443555                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             32574950                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          5317352                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           18920025                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.335747                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               79054717                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              78937723                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          35243500                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          55629014                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.306401                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.633545                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      9630537                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       351565                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       405855                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    252021220                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.292581                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.023592                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    221230917     87.78%     87.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     11354028      4.51%     92.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11520979      4.57%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3045165      1.21%     98.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1343225      0.53%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       494063      0.20%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       674455      0.27%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       551870      0.22%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1806518      0.72%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    252021220                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     42710288                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       73736660                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               24289512                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               5765308                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5774                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            4844556                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          73123657                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       411365                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       324044      0.44%      0.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     49017241     66.48%     66.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        55125      0.07%     66.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50738      0.07%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      5765308      7.82%     74.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     18524204     25.12%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     73736660                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1806518                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            333379476                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           168323198                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   86492                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4024982                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3746414                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            42710288                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              73736660                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       6.032014                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 6.032014                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.165782                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.165782                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        138944545                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        54058654                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                12                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          27191569                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         22543276                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        43703980                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         389002                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               1353946500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            1353946499.999999                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.34218e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          256                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         2559                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       5502509                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        48.337491                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       29.774269                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       85.335844                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     5318089     96.65%     96.65% |      127513      2.32%     98.97% |       50321      0.91%     99.88% |        6423      0.12%    100.00% |         162      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         5502509                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       6313804                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        26.020009                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       23.682101                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       10.819896                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     4366731     69.16%     69.16% |     1918113     30.38%     99.54% |       25502      0.40%     99.95% |        2920      0.05%     99.99% |         471      0.01%    100.00% |          61      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         6313804                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         18010                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.339534                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       21.027668                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.147583                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         608      3.38%      3.38% |        2080     11.55%     14.93% |        8174     45.39%     60.31% |        4287     23.80%     84.11% |        2815     15.63%     99.74% |          43      0.24%     99.98% |           3      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           18010                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          5865193                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           68.696700                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           5.306938                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         260.488312                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     5758916     98.19%     98.19% |       92102      1.57%     99.76% |       10059      0.17%     99.93% |        3222      0.05%     99.98% |         776      0.01%    100.00% |         112      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            5865193                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      5132809                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000700                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000604                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.026515                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5129226     99.93%     99.93% |        3577      0.07%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        5132809                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       732384                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     529.117767                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    288.643246                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    548.785311                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      626107     85.49%     85.49% |       92102     12.58%     98.06% |       10059      1.37%     99.44% |        3222      0.44%     99.88% |         776      0.11%     99.98% |         112      0.02%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        732384                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         18671981                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           17.977877                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.773954                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          99.098348                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    18629924     99.77%     99.77% |       36782      0.20%     99.97% |        4078      0.02%     99.99% |         942      0.01%    100.00% |         211      0.00%    100.00% |          41      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           18671981                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     17638337                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000098                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000085                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.009906                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    17636606     99.99%     99.99% |        1731      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       17638337                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1033644                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     273.562107                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    189.439567                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    329.010862                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      991587     95.93%     95.93% |       36782      3.56%     99.49% |        4078      0.39%     99.88% |         942      0.09%     99.98% |         211      0.02%    100.00% |          41      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1033644                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      7039795                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.526517                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.178974                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      14.272784                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     7036502     99.95%     99.95% |        2981      0.04%    100.00% |         241      0.00%    100.00% |          47      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        7039795                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      6914040                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000538                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6914038    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      6914040                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       125755                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    88.454765                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    76.895124                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    65.052519                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      122462     97.38%     97.38% |        2981      2.37%     99.75% |         241      0.19%     99.94% |          47      0.04%     99.98% |           5      0.00%     99.98% |           9      0.01%     99.99% |           7      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       125755                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       293580                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     12.917746                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     4.168714                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    38.722562                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      287275     97.85%     97.85% |        4935      1.68%     99.53% |        1115      0.38%     99.91% |         132      0.04%     99.96% |          64      0.02%     99.98% |          49      0.02%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       293580                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       264940                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000427                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000368                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.020648                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      264827     99.96%     99.96% |         113      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       264940                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        28640                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   104.659881                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    87.348660                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    77.742997                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       22335     77.99%     77.99% |        4935     17.23%     95.22% |        1115      3.89%     99.11% |         132      0.46%     99.57% |          64      0.22%     99.79% |          49      0.17%     99.97% |           8      0.03%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        28640                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.422665                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.454469                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.799197                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         623     95.41%     95.41% |          18      2.76%     98.16% |           7      1.07%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           2      0.31%     99.54% |           3      0.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         623    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    77.500000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    64.646849                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    57.754385                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          18     60.00%     60.00% |           7     23.33%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2      6.67%     90.00% |           3     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        12721                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      1269733                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        25812                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    68000                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    68285                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    68118                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    68305                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    67925                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    72445                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    67803                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    63467                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                   9856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                   9571                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   9738                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                   9551                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                   9931                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                  10275                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                  10053                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                   9525                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                    20760                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                    20471                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    20669                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                    20416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                    20941                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                    21777                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                    21207                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                    19895                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                82720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                72992                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 1005949                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                  952578                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                  989512                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                  952765                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                  997659                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                  968718                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                 1047303                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                  988600                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   62864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   55472                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  19856                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  17520                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                52279                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                52404                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                52389                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                52489                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                52131                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                55656                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                52119                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                48712                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses               6889                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses               6764                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               6779                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses               6679                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses               7037                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses               7208                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses               7049                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses               6760                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               15721                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               15881                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               15729                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               15816                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits               15794                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               16789                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               15684                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               14755                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses              2967                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses              2807                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses              2959                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses              2872                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses              2894                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses              3067                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses              3004                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses              2765                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                       17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                2552672                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                2543071                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                2553169                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                2524857                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                2549626                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                2602260                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                2600901                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                2522024                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                     816                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     720                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               2397311                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               2390420                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               2388648                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               2363734                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               2396917                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               2439757                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               2432914                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               2370574                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             514352                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             453840                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               836260                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               797803                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles               831544                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               805220                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               800182                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles               843892                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               851568                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles               796473                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          2397311                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          2390420                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          2388648                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          2363734                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          2396917                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          2439757                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          2432914                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          2370574                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        514352                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        453840                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          836260                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          797803                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time          831544                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          805220                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          800182                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time          843892                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          851568                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time          796473                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            2492160                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            2482559                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            2492657                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            2464345                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            2489114                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            2537966                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            2540389                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            2465294                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         258765308                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         258765304                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         258765310                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         258765306                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         258765315                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         258765311                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         258765327                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         258765323                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          2536860                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          2521377                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          2517751                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2496269                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          2529057                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          2575166                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          2592796                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2501768                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0              1584                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0              1603                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0              1585                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0              1562                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0              1606                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0              1683                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0              1586                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0              1512                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              3233                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              3378                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              3213                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              3389                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              3178                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              3604                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              2944                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              2873                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2             10310                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2             11563                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2             10158                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2             11548                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2             10136                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2             12168                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              8504                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              8613                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles          535720                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles          502563                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles          526352                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles          514340                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles          533287                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles          515677                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles          562348                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles          536468                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      335200     25.59%     25.59% |      324988     24.81%     50.40% |      324961     24.81%     75.22% |      324628     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1309777                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      205923     25.93%     25.93% |      196113     24.69%     50.62% |      196119     24.69%     75.31% |      196095     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       794250                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      335225     25.59%     25.59% |      324988     24.81%     50.41% |      324961     24.81%     75.22% |      324628     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1309802                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      211739     25.90%     25.90% |      201935     24.70%     50.60% |      201944     24.70%     75.30% |      201922     24.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       817540                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6000     25.00%     25.00% |        6000     25.00%     50.00% |        6000     25.00%     75.00% |        6000     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24000                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      121085     25.08%     25.08% |      120683     25.00%     50.08% |      120650     24.99%     75.07% |      120341     24.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       482759                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      335200     25.59%     25.59% |      324988     24.81%     50.40% |      324961     24.81%     75.22% |      324628     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1309777                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5816     24.97%     24.97% |        5822     25.00%     49.97% |        5825     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23290                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5816     24.97%     24.97% |        5822     25.00%     49.97% |        5825     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23290                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      205686     25.92%     25.92% |      195935     24.69%     50.61% |      195944     24.69%     75.31% |      195922     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       793487                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         184     25.92%     25.92% |         178     25.07%     50.99% |         175     24.65%     75.63% |         173     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          710                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      121085     25.08%     25.08% |      120683     25.00%     50.08% |      120650     24.99%     75.07% |      120341     24.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       482759                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      335200     25.59%     25.59% |      324988     24.81%     50.40% |      324961     24.81%     75.22% |      324628     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1309777                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      205686     25.92%     25.92% |      195935     24.69%     50.61% |      195944     24.69%     75.31% |      195922     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       793487                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         184     25.92%     25.92% |         178     25.07%     50.99% |         175     24.65%     75.63% |         173     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          710                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         184     25.92%     25.92% |         178     25.07%     50.99% |         175     24.65%     75.63% |         173     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          710                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     5397770     91.94%     91.94% |          17      0.00%     91.94% |       59140      1.01%     92.95% |       59145      1.01%     93.96% |       59147      1.01%     94.96% |       59146      1.01%     95.97% |       59146      1.01%     96.98% |       62844      1.07%     98.05% |       59147      1.01%     99.06% |       55448      0.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      5870950                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     7039857    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      7039857                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    18821577     99.21%     99.21% |           0      0.00%     99.21% |       18688      0.10%     99.31% |       18688      0.10%     99.41% |       18688      0.10%     99.51% |       18688      0.10%     99.61% |       18688      0.10%     99.70% |       19856      0.10%     99.81% |       18688      0.10%     99.91% |       17520      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     18971081                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       17957     99.84%     99.84% |          17      0.09%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           6      0.03%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           2      0.01%     99.98% |           4      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        17986                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1297092     67.75%     67.75% |           0      0.00%     67.75% |       77163      4.03%     71.78% |       77167      4.03%     75.81% |       77169      4.03%     79.85% |       77162      4.03%     83.88% |       77178      4.03%     87.91% |       82017      4.28%     92.19% |       77170      4.03%     96.22% |       72319      3.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1914437                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          16     72.73%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           2      9.09%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     18.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      260129     35.54%     35.54% |           1      0.00%     35.54% |       58966      8.06%     43.60% |       58976      8.06%     51.65% |       58982      8.06%     59.71% |       58973      8.06%     67.77% |       58977      8.06%     75.83% |       62662      8.56%     84.39% |       58967      8.06%     92.45% |       55293      7.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       731926                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          16     72.73%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           4     18.18%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           2      9.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     1038988     87.42%     87.42% |           0      0.00%     87.42% |       18687      1.57%     88.99% |       18688      1.57%     90.57% |       18687      1.57%     92.14% |       18687      1.57%     93.71% |       18688      1.57%     95.28% |       19853      1.67%     96.95% |       18685      1.57%     98.53% |       17520      1.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1188483                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     1170607     65.48%     65.48% |           0      0.00%     65.48% |       77141      4.31%     69.79% |       77152      4.32%     74.11% |       77157      4.32%     78.42% |       77146      4.32%     82.74% |       77153      4.32%     87.05% |       82003      4.59%     91.64% |       77140      4.31%     95.96% |       72295      4.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1787794                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      259965     35.52%     35.52% |          17      0.00%     35.53% |       58966      8.06%     43.58% |       58976      8.06%     51.64% |       58982      8.06%     59.70% |       58977      8.06%     67.76% |       58977      8.06%     75.82% |       62662      8.56%     84.39% |       58969      8.06%     92.44% |       55293      7.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       731784                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122049    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122049                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      912765     85.93%     85.93% |           0      0.00%     85.93% |       18687      1.76%     87.69% |       18688      1.76%     89.45% |       18687      1.76%     91.20% |       18687      1.76%     92.96% |       18688      1.76%     94.72% |       19853      1.87%     96.59% |       18685      1.76%     98.35% |       17520      1.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1062260                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11060     99.89%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           6      0.05%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           2      0.02%     99.96% |           4      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11072                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         600    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          600                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        3706    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         3706                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          32    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           32                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1659     99.88%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           2      0.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1661                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        7199    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total         7199                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     6914040    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      6914040                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        4653     99.66%     99.66% |          16      0.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         4669                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      121489     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       121501                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     2533171     99.95%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |         170      0.01%     99.96% |         160      0.01%     99.96% |         154      0.01%     99.97% |         159      0.01%     99.97% |         159      0.01%     99.98% |         170      0.01%     99.99% |         167      0.01%     99.99% |         147      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      2534457                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       63131    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        63131                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1981     99.95%     99.95% |           1      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         1982                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      194944     29.36%     29.36% |           0      0.00%     29.36% |       58608      8.83%     38.19% |       58618      8.83%     47.02% |       58624      8.83%     55.85% |       58613      8.83%     64.68% |       58619      8.83%     73.51% |       62304      9.38%     82.90% |       58617      8.83%     91.73% |       54923      8.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       663870                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           4     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2591153    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2591153                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    17841413    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     17841422                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         263    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          263                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      975663     86.81%     86.81% |           0      0.00%     86.81% |       18533      1.65%     88.46% |       18534      1.65%     90.11% |       18533      1.65%     91.76% |       18533      1.65%     93.40% |       18534      1.65%     95.05% |       19699      1.75%     96.81% |       18523      1.65%     98.45% |       17372      1.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1123924                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |        3302     95.82%     95.82% |           0      0.00%     95.82% |          22      0.64%     96.46% |          15      0.44%     96.89% |          12      0.35%     97.24% |          10      0.29%     97.53% |          25      0.73%     98.26% |          14      0.41%     98.67% |          28      0.81%     99.48% |          18      0.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total         3446                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      260129     35.54%     35.54% |           1      0.00%     35.54% |       58966      8.06%     43.60% |       58976      8.06%     51.65% |       58982      8.06%     59.71% |       58973      8.06%     67.77% |       58977      8.06%     75.83% |       62662      8.56%     84.39% |       58967      8.06%     92.45% |       55293      7.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       731926                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          16     72.73%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           4     18.18%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           2      9.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      126191    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       126191                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          35    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           35                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      912797     85.93%     85.93% |           0      0.00%     85.93% |       18687      1.76%     87.69% |       18688      1.76%     89.45% |       18687      1.76%     91.20% |       18687      1.76%     92.96% |       18688      1.76%     94.72% |       19853      1.87%     96.59% |       18685      1.76%     98.35% |       17520      1.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1062292                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        5682     98.70%     98.70% |           0      0.00%     98.70% |           4      0.07%     98.77% |           9      0.16%     98.92% |          11      0.19%     99.11% |          10      0.17%     99.29% |          10      0.17%     99.46% |          12      0.21%     99.67% |          11      0.19%     99.86% |           8      0.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         5757                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          62    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           62                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        4214    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         4214                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     1170607     65.48%     65.48% |           0      0.00%     65.48% |       77141      4.31%     69.79% |       77152      4.32%     74.11% |       77157      4.32%     78.42% |       77146      4.32%     82.74% |       77153      4.32%     87.05% |       82003      4.59%     91.64% |       77140      4.31%     95.96% |       72295      4.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1787794                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3885      3.09%      3.09% |        3726      2.96%      6.05% |        3463      2.75%      8.80% |        3453      2.74%     11.55% |        3611      2.87%     14.42% |        4090      3.25%     17.67% |        3750      2.98%     20.65% |        3351      2.66%     23.31% |        3618      2.88%     26.19% |        5234      4.16%     30.35% |        3966      3.15%     33.50% |        3884      3.09%     36.59% |        3617      2.88%     39.47% |        4422      3.52%     42.98% |        3942      3.13%     46.12% |        3767      2.99%     49.11% |        4173      3.32%     52.43% |        4268      3.39%     55.82% |        3773      3.00%     58.82% |        3367      2.68%     61.50% |        3138      2.49%     63.99% |        3800      3.02%     67.01% |        3588      2.85%     69.86% |        3421      2.72%     72.58% |        3733      2.97%     75.55% |        3846      3.06%     78.61% |        3296      2.62%     81.23% |        4704      3.74%     84.97% |        4111      3.27%     88.24% |        5238      4.16%     92.40% |        5093      4.05%     96.45% |        4467      3.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       125795                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      114276     15.60%     15.60% |       20769      2.84%     18.44% |       18700      2.55%     20.99% |       21408      2.92%     23.91% |       20943      2.86%     26.77% |       19808      2.70%     29.48% |       18237      2.49%     31.97% |       18197      2.48%     34.45% |       20758      2.83%     37.29% |       19042      2.60%     39.89% |       22385      3.06%     42.94% |       20505      2.80%     45.74% |       19010      2.60%     48.34% |       18495      2.53%     50.86% |       18192      2.48%     53.35% |       18188      2.48%     55.83% |       20279      2.77%     58.60% |       18685      2.55%     61.15% |       18871      2.58%     63.73% |       19912      2.72%     66.45% |       19866      2.71%     69.16% |       26170      3.57%     72.73% |       23091      3.15%     75.89% |       19555      2.67%     78.56% |       19494      2.66%     81.22% |       18930      2.58%     83.80% |       18459      2.52%     86.32% |       18168      2.48%     88.80% |       20085      2.74%     91.54% |       19389      2.65%     94.19% |       21161      2.89%     97.08% |       21377      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       732405                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       57705      5.43%      5.43% |       33541      3.16%      8.59% |       30603      2.88%     11.47% |       31618      2.98%     14.45% |       32584      3.07%     17.51% |       29797      2.80%     20.32% |       27738      2.61%     22.93% |       27778      2.61%     25.54% |       30802      2.90%     28.44% |       30783      2.90%     31.34% |       31702      2.98%     34.33% |       30537      2.87%     37.20% |       29293      2.76%     39.96% |       28433      2.68%     42.63% |       29734      2.80%     45.43% |       28432      2.68%     48.11% |       30306      2.85%     50.96% |       29696      2.80%     53.76% |       31097      2.93%     56.69% |       34121      3.21%     59.90% |       34687      3.27%     63.16% |       37250      3.51%     66.67% |       34914      3.29%     69.96% |       33699      3.17%     73.13% |       33994      3.20%     76.33% |       32517      3.06%     79.39% |       34056      3.21%     82.59% |       34145      3.21%     85.81% |       35433      3.34%     89.14% |       35778      3.37%     92.51% |       42320      3.98%     96.50% |       37226      3.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1062319                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           0      0.00%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           1      4.55%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           1      4.55%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           2      9.09%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           5     22.73%     54.55% |           4     18.18%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     18.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      171657      9.60%      9.60% |       54095      3.03%     12.63% |       49093      2.75%     15.37% |       52804      2.95%     18.33% |       53317      2.98%     21.31% |       49322      2.76%     24.07% |       45765      2.56%     26.63% |       45774      2.56%     29.19% |       51360      2.87%     32.06% |       49629      2.78%     34.84% |       53860      3.01%     37.85% |       50843      2.84%     40.69% |       48106      2.69%     43.38% |       46726      2.61%     46.00% |       47694      2.67%     48.67% |       46423      2.60%     51.26% |       50380      2.82%     54.08% |       48179      2.69%     56.78% |       49712      2.78%     59.56% |       53822      3.01%     62.57% |       54318      3.04%     65.60% |       63146      3.53%     69.14% |       57792      3.23%     72.37% |       53036      2.97%     75.34% |       53287      2.98%     78.32% |       51253      2.87%     81.18% |       52316      2.93%     84.11% |       52119      2.92%     87.02% |       55322      3.09%     90.12% |       54973      3.07%     93.19% |       63278      3.54%     96.73% |       58400      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1787801                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       34206      4.31%      4.31% |       24468      3.08%      7.40% |       24487      3.09%     10.48% |       24478      3.09%     13.57% |       24466      3.08%     16.65% |       24466      3.08%     19.74% |       24472      3.08%     22.82% |       24474      3.09%     25.91% |       24495      3.09%     28.99% |       24497      3.09%     32.08% |       24496      3.09%     35.17% |       24504      3.09%     38.26% |       24484      3.09%     41.34% |       24491      3.09%     44.43% |       24489      3.09%     47.52% |       24480      3.09%     50.60% |       24509      3.09%     53.69% |       24493      3.09%     56.78% |       24500      3.09%     59.87% |       24495      3.09%     62.96% |       24483      3.09%     66.04% |       24502      3.09%     69.13% |       24493      3.09%     72.22% |       24484      3.09%     75.31% |       24501      3.09%     78.39% |       24497      3.09%     81.48% |       24490      3.09%     84.57% |       24484      3.09%     87.66% |       24488      3.09%     90.74% |       24472      3.08%     93.83% |       24481      3.09%     96.91% |       24484      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       793309                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       15533      3.22%      3.22% |       15089      3.12%      6.34% |       15097      3.13%      9.47% |       15075      3.12%     12.59% |       15056      3.12%     15.71% |       15014      3.11%     18.81% |       15057      3.12%     21.93% |       15064      3.12%     25.05% |       15104      3.13%     28.18% |       15058      3.12%     31.30% |       15110      3.13%     34.43% |       15062      3.12%     37.55% |       15135      3.13%     40.68% |       15104      3.13%     43.81% |       15099      3.13%     46.93% |       15043      3.11%     50.05% |       15072      3.12%     53.17% |       15094      3.13%     56.29% |       15107      3.13%     59.42% |       15044      3.12%     62.54% |       15084      3.12%     65.66% |       15133      3.13%     68.79% |       15065      3.12%     71.91% |       15033      3.11%     75.03% |       15109      3.13%     78.16% |       15163      3.14%     81.30% |       15097      3.13%     84.42% |       15029      3.11%     87.53% |       15046      3.12%     90.65% |       15077      3.12%     93.77% |       15054      3.12%     96.89% |       15030      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       482937                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       50851      3.88%      3.88% |       40605      3.10%      6.98% |       40630      3.10%     10.08% |       40599      3.10%     13.18% |       40567      3.10%     16.28% |       40525      3.09%     19.38% |       40575      3.10%     22.47% |       40584      3.10%     25.57% |       40645      3.10%     28.68% |       40601      3.10%     31.78% |       40651      3.10%     34.88% |       40611      3.10%     37.98% |       40664      3.10%     41.08% |       40640      3.10%     44.19% |       40633      3.10%     47.29% |       40568      3.10%     50.39% |       40626      3.10%     53.49% |       40633      3.10%     56.59% |       40653      3.10%     59.69% |       40585      3.10%     62.79% |       40613      3.10%     65.89% |       40682      3.11%     69.00% |       40604      3.10%     72.10% |       40562      3.10%     75.20% |       40655      3.10%     78.30% |       40707      3.11%     81.41% |       40633      3.10%     84.51% |       40558      3.10%     87.61% |       40579      3.10%     90.71% |       40595      3.10%     93.80% |       40582      3.10%     96.90% |       40561      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1309777                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       49827      3.90%      3.90% |       39581      3.10%      7.00% |       39606      3.10%     10.10% |       39575      3.10%     13.20% |       39543      3.10%     16.30% |       39501      3.09%     19.39% |       39551      3.10%     22.49% |       39560      3.10%     25.59% |       39621      3.10%     28.69% |       39577      3.10%     31.79% |       39627      3.10%     34.89% |       39587      3.10%     37.99% |       39640      3.10%     41.10% |       39616      3.10%     44.20% |       39609      3.10%     47.30% |       39544      3.10%     50.40% |       39602      3.10%     53.50% |       39609      3.10%     56.60% |       39629      3.10%     59.70% |       39561      3.10%     62.80% |       39589      3.10%     65.90% |       39658      3.11%     69.01% |       39580      3.10%     72.11% |       39538      3.10%     75.20% |       39631      3.10%     78.31% |       39683      3.11%     81.41% |       39609      3.10%     84.51% |       39534      3.10%     87.61% |       39555      3.10%     90.71% |       39571      3.10%     93.81% |       39558      3.10%     96.90% |       39537      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1277009                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          56     20.07%     20.07% |           6      2.15%     22.22% |           9      3.23%     25.45% |           6      2.15%     27.60% |           7      2.51%     30.11% |           3      1.08%     31.18% |           4      1.43%     32.62% |           6      2.15%     34.77% |           6      2.15%     36.92% |           5      1.79%     38.71% |           8      2.87%     41.58% |           5      1.79%     43.37% |           7      2.51%     45.88% |           4      1.43%     47.31% |           5      1.79%     49.10% |           5      1.79%     50.90% |           5      1.79%     52.69% |           6      2.15%     54.84% |           9      3.23%     58.06% |           8      2.87%     60.93% |          24      8.60%     69.53% |          23      8.24%     77.78% |           5      1.79%     79.57% |           6      2.15%     81.72% |           6      2.15%     83.87% |           5      1.79%     85.66% |           6      2.15%     87.81% |           7      2.51%     90.32% |           8      2.87%     93.19% |           7      2.51%     95.70% |           7      2.51%     98.21% |           5      1.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          279                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |           6    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |           6     27.27%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           1      4.55%     31.82% |           1      4.55%     36.36% |           1      4.55%     40.91% |           0      0.00%     40.91% |           1      4.55%     45.45% |           1      4.55%     50.00% |           1      4.55%     54.55% |           1      4.55%     59.09% |           1      4.55%     63.64% |           1      4.55%     68.18% |           1      4.55%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           1      4.55%     86.36% |           1      4.55%     90.91% |           1      4.55%     95.45% |           1      4.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         578      3.27%      3.27% |         514      2.90%      6.17% |         498      2.81%      8.98% |         509      2.88%     11.86% |         510      2.88%     14.74% |         494      2.79%     17.53% |         533      3.01%     20.54% |         548      3.10%     23.64% |         565      3.19%     26.83% |         505      2.85%     29.68% |         561      3.17%     32.85% |         558      3.15%     36.00% |         608      3.43%     39.44% |         585      3.30%     42.74% |         574      3.24%     45.99% |         550      3.11%     49.09% |         575      3.25%     52.34% |         593      3.35%     55.69% |         589      3.33%     59.02% |         539      3.05%     62.06% |         533      3.01%     65.08% |         613      3.46%     68.54% |         553      3.12%     71.66% |         528      2.98%     74.65% |         581      3.28%     77.93% |         640      3.62%     81.54% |         586      3.31%     84.85% |         533      3.01%     87.87% |         513      2.90%     90.76% |         567      3.20%     93.97% |         546      3.08%     97.05% |         522      2.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        17701                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |           6     27.27%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           1      4.55%     31.82% |           1      4.55%     36.36% |           1      4.55%     40.91% |           0      0.00%     40.91% |           1      4.55%     45.45% |           1      4.55%     50.00% |           1      4.55%     54.55% |           1      4.55%     59.09% |           1      4.55%     63.64% |           1      4.55%     68.18% |           1      4.55%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           1      4.55%     86.36% |           1      4.55%     90.91% |           1      4.55%     95.45% |           1      4.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      171916      9.58%      9.58% |       54289      3.03%     12.61% |       49291      2.75%     15.35% |       52999      2.95%     18.31% |       53516      2.98%     21.29% |       49519      2.76%     24.05% |       45957      2.56%     26.61% |       45967      2.56%     29.17% |       51555      2.87%     32.05% |       49824      2.78%     34.82% |       54069      3.01%     37.84% |       51037      2.84%     40.68% |       48299      2.69%     43.37% |       46922      2.62%     45.99% |       47893      2.67%     48.66% |       46616      2.60%     51.26% |       50576      2.82%     54.08% |       48375      2.70%     56.77% |       49909      2.78%     59.55% |       54019      3.01%     62.56% |       54535      3.04%     65.60% |       63393      3.53%     69.14% |       58002      3.23%     72.37% |       53248      2.97%     75.34% |       53482      2.98%     78.32% |       51447      2.87%     81.19% |       52514      2.93%     84.11% |       52310      2.92%     87.03% |       55517      3.09%     90.12% |       55167      3.07%     93.20% |       63476      3.54%     96.73% |       58601      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1794240                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         176     11.53%     11.53% |          48      3.15%     14.68% |          44      2.88%     17.56% |          44      2.88%     20.45% |          42      2.75%     23.20% |          42      2.75%     25.95% |          44      2.88%     28.83% |          44      2.88%     31.72% |          44      2.88%     34.60% |          44      2.88%     37.48% |          42      2.75%     40.24% |          42      2.75%     42.99% |          42      2.75%     45.74% |          42      2.75%     48.49% |          42      2.75%     51.25% |          42      2.75%     54.00% |          42      2.75%     56.75% |          44      2.88%     59.63% |          44      2.88%     62.52% |          44      2.88%     65.40% |          44      2.88%     68.28% |          46      3.01%     71.30% |          44      2.88%     74.18% |          42      2.75%     76.93% |          42      2.75%     79.69% |          46      3.01%     82.70% |          44      2.88%     85.58% |          42      2.75%     88.34% |          42      2.75%     91.09% |          44      2.88%     93.97% |          46      3.01%     96.99% |          46      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1526                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         503      3.21%      3.21% |         454      2.89%      6.10% |         438      2.79%      8.89% |         449      2.86%     11.76% |         449      2.86%     14.62% |         430      2.74%     17.36% |         472      3.01%     20.37% |         491      3.13%     23.50% |         505      3.22%     26.72% |         445      2.84%     29.56% |         487      3.10%     32.66% |         498      3.17%     35.83% |         551      3.51%     39.35% |         523      3.33%     42.68% |         510      3.25%     45.93% |         492      3.14%     49.07% |         515      3.28%     52.35% |         532      3.39%     55.74% |         529      3.37%     59.12% |         483      3.08%     62.20% |         473      3.02%     65.21% |         523      3.33%     68.55% |         478      3.05%     71.59% |         451      2.88%     74.47% |         519      3.31%     77.78% |         578      3.68%     81.46% |         522      3.33%     84.79% |         479      3.05%     87.84% |         456      2.91%     90.75% |         511      3.26%     94.01% |         487      3.10%     97.11% |         453      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        15686                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       25574      5.07%      5.07% |       15486      3.07%      8.14% |       15518      3.08%     11.22% |       15471      3.07%     14.28% |       15448      3.06%     17.35% |       15421      3.06%     20.41% |       15428      3.06%     23.46% |       15427      3.06%     26.52% |       15459      3.06%     29.59% |       15476      3.07%     32.66% |       15501      3.07%     35.73% |       15426      3.06%     38.79% |       15439      3.06%     41.85% |       15446      3.06%     44.91% |       15454      3.06%     47.98% |       15414      3.06%     51.03% |       15428      3.06%     54.09% |       15421      3.06%     57.15% |       15447      3.06%     60.21% |       15427      3.06%     63.27% |       15451      3.06%     66.33% |       15463      3.07%     69.40% |       15456      3.06%     72.46% |       15437      3.06%     75.52% |       15450      3.06%     78.59% |       15449      3.06%     81.65% |       15428      3.06%     84.71% |       15409      3.06%     87.76% |       15452      3.06%     90.83% |       15412      3.06%     93.88% |       15414      3.06%     96.94% |       15440      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       504372                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       24774      3.14%      3.14% |       24665      3.12%      6.26% |       24674      3.12%      9.38% |       24679      3.13%     12.51% |       24670      3.12%     15.63% |       24674      3.12%     18.76% |       24675      3.12%     21.88% |       24666      3.12%     25.01% |       24681      3.13%     28.13% |       24680      3.13%     31.26% |       24663      3.12%     34.38% |       24687      3.13%     37.51% |       24674      3.12%     40.63% |       24671      3.12%     43.75% |       24669      3.12%     46.88% |       24662      3.12%     50.00% |       24683      3.13%     53.13% |       24680      3.13%     56.25% |       24677      3.12%     59.38% |       24675      3.12%     62.50% |       24689      3.13%     65.63% |       24696      3.13%     68.75% |       24670      3.12%     71.88% |       24674      3.12%     75.00% |       24686      3.13%     78.13% |       24680      3.13%     81.25% |       24683      3.13%     84.38% |       24670      3.12%     87.50% |       24671      3.12%     90.63% |       24672      3.12%     93.75% |       24681      3.13%     96.88% |       24668      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       789719                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3378      3.07%      3.07% |        3264      2.97%      6.04% |        3018      2.74%      8.78% |        2999      2.73%     11.51% |        3160      2.87%     14.39% |        3655      3.32%     17.71% |        3264      2.97%     20.68% |        2852      2.59%     23.27% |        3112      2.83%     26.10% |        4788      4.35%     30.45% |        3477      3.16%     33.62% |        3383      3.08%     36.69% |        3061      2.78%     39.48% |        3899      3.55%     43.02% |        3428      3.12%     46.14% |        3275      2.98%     49.12% |        3658      3.33%     52.44% |        3734      3.40%     55.84% |        3233      2.94%     58.78% |        2878      2.62%     61.40% |        2662      2.42%     63.82% |        3276      2.98%     66.80% |        3108      2.83%     69.62% |        2968      2.70%     72.32% |        3210      2.92%     75.24% |        3265      2.97%     78.21% |        2771      2.52%     80.73% |        4223      3.84%     84.57% |        3638      3.31%     87.88% |        4723      4.29%     92.17% |        4595      4.18%     96.35% |        4012      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       109967                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |          57     13.07%     13.07% |          21      4.82%     17.89% |          13      2.98%     20.87% |          27      6.19%     27.06% |          10      2.29%     29.36% |          86     19.72%     49.08% |          17      3.90%     52.98% |           7      1.61%     54.59% |           4      0.92%     55.50% |           0      0.00%     55.50% |          13      2.98%     58.49% |           5      1.15%     59.63% |           3      0.69%     60.32% |           4      0.92%     61.24% |          34      7.80%     69.04% |           3      0.69%     69.72% |           8      1.83%     71.56% |           5      1.15%     72.71% |          62     14.22%     86.93% |          18      4.13%     91.06% |           0      0.00%     91.06% |           8      1.83%     92.89% |           3      0.69%     93.58% |           5      1.15%     94.72% |           7      1.61%     96.33% |           0      0.00%     96.33% |           1      0.23%     96.56% |           3      0.69%     97.25% |           5      1.15%     98.39% |           0      0.00%     98.39% |           5      1.15%     99.54% |           2      0.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total          436                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      3.85%      3.85% |           4     15.38%     19.23% |           3     11.54%     30.77% |           2      7.69%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           1      3.85%     42.31% |           1      3.85%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           6     23.08%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           2      7.69%     76.92% |           1      3.85%     80.77% |           1      3.85%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      3.85%     88.46% |           0      0.00%     88.46% |           1      3.85%     92.31% |           1      3.85%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           1      3.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           0      0.00%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           1      4.55%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           1      4.55%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           2      9.09%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           5     22.73%     54.55% |           4     18.18%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     18.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      3.12%      3.12% |           2      6.25%      9.38% |           2      6.25%     15.62% |           2      6.25%     21.88% |           1      3.12%     25.00% |           2      6.25%     31.25% |           3      9.38%     40.62% |           1      3.12%     43.75% |           1      3.12%     46.88% |           2      6.25%     53.12% |           1      3.12%     56.25% |           1      3.12%     59.38% |           2      6.25%     65.62% |           1      3.12%     68.75% |           2      6.25%     75.00% |           1      3.12%     78.12% |           1      3.12%     81.25% |           1      3.12%     84.38% |           2      6.25%     90.62% |           0      0.00%     90.62% |           1      3.12%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           1      3.12%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           1      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           32                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         509      3.24%      3.24% |         455      2.90%      6.15% |         438      2.79%      8.94% |         449      2.86%     11.80% |         450      2.87%     14.67% |         432      2.75%     17.42% |         472      3.01%     20.43% |         490      3.12%     23.55% |         504      3.21%     26.77% |         442      2.82%     29.59% |         488      3.11%     32.70% |         499      3.18%     35.88% |         549      3.50%     39.38% |         522      3.33%     42.70% |         509      3.24%     45.95% |         490      3.12%     49.07% |         513      3.27%     52.34% |         532      3.39%     55.73% |         529      3.37%     59.11% |         480      3.06%     62.17% |         473      3.02%     65.18% |         524      3.34%     68.52% |         480      3.06%     71.58% |         452      2.88%     74.46% |         522      3.33%     77.79% |         579      3.69%     81.48% |         524      3.34%     84.82% |         478      3.05%     87.87% |         454      2.89%     90.76% |         510      3.25%     94.01% |         485      3.09%     97.11% |         454      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        15687                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      3.92%      3.92% |           8      7.84%     11.76% |           7      6.86%     18.63% |           5      4.90%     23.53% |           2      1.96%     25.49% |           5      4.90%     30.39% |           4      3.92%     34.31% |           1      0.98%     35.29% |           1      0.98%     36.27% |           1      0.98%     37.25% |           2      1.96%     39.22% |           3      2.94%     42.16% |           5      4.90%     47.06% |           0      0.00%     47.06% |           4      3.92%     50.98% |           0      0.00%     50.98% |           0      0.00%     50.98% |           2      1.96%     52.94% |          11     10.78%     63.73% |           6      5.88%     69.61% |           3      2.94%     72.55% |           1      0.98%     73.53% |           2      1.96%     75.49% |           2      1.96%     77.45% |           4      3.92%     81.37% |           3      2.94%     84.31% |           3      2.94%     87.25% |           2      1.96%     89.22% |           6      5.88%     95.10% |           1      0.98%     96.08% |           2      1.96%     98.04% |           2      1.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total          102                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       88637     38.95%     38.95% |        5262      2.31%     41.26% |        3168      1.39%     42.66% |        5909      2.60%     45.25% |        5484      2.41%     47.66% |        4301      1.89%     49.55% |        2791      1.23%     50.78% |        2762      1.21%     51.99% |        5294      2.33%     54.32% |        3565      1.57%     55.89% |        6866      3.02%     58.90% |        5073      2.23%     61.13% |        3567      1.57%     62.70% |        3043      1.34%     64.04% |        2703      1.19%     65.23% |        2770      1.22%     66.44% |        4842      2.13%     68.57% |        3258      1.43%     70.00% |        3360      1.48%     71.48% |        4467      1.96%     73.44% |        4415      1.94%     75.38% |       10688      4.70%     80.08% |        7632      3.35%     83.43% |        4112      1.81%     85.24% |        4037      1.77%     87.01% |        3481      1.53%     88.54% |        3029      1.33%     89.88% |        2756      1.21%     91.09% |        4628      2.03%     93.12% |        3977      1.75%     94.87% |        5742      2.52%     97.39% |        5935      2.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       227554                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       32927     12.08%     12.08% |        8872      3.26%     15.34% |        5926      2.17%     17.51% |        6937      2.55%     20.06% |        7914      2.90%     22.96% |        5123      1.88%     24.84% |        3063      1.12%     25.96% |        3112      1.14%     27.11% |        6120      2.25%     29.35% |        6102      2.24%     31.59% |        7039      2.58%     34.17% |        5850      2.15%     36.32% |        4613      1.69%     38.01% |        3762      1.38%     39.39% |        5065      1.86%     41.25% |        3770      1.38%     42.63% |        5623      2.06%     44.70% |        5016      1.84%     46.54% |        6418      2.35%     48.89% |        9445      3.47%     52.36% |        9979      3.66%     56.02% |       12546      4.60%     60.62% |       10244      3.76%     64.38% |        9025      3.31%     67.69% |        9308      3.42%     71.11% |        7836      2.88%     73.98% |        9373      3.44%     77.42% |        9474      3.48%     80.90% |       10761      3.95%     84.85% |       11106      4.07%     88.92% |       17638      6.47%     95.39% |       12558      4.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       272545                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       34204      4.31%      4.31% |       24464      3.08%      7.40% |       24481      3.09%     10.48% |       24474      3.09%     13.57% |       24464      3.08%     16.65% |       24459      3.08%     19.74% |       24467      3.08%     22.82% |       24473      3.09%     25.91% |       24494      3.09%     28.99% |       24495      3.09%     32.08% |       24492      3.09%     35.17% |       24502      3.09%     38.26% |       24481      3.09%     41.34% |       24490      3.09%     44.43% |       24487      3.09%     47.52% |       24479      3.09%     50.60% |       24508      3.09%     53.69% |       24492      3.09%     56.78% |       24496      3.09%     59.87% |       24494      3.09%     62.96% |       24480      3.09%     66.04% |       24497      3.09%     69.13% |       24489      3.09%     72.22% |       24482      3.09%     75.31% |       24500      3.09%     78.39% |       24494      3.09%     81.48% |       24489      3.09%     84.57% |       24482      3.09%     87.66% |       24484      3.09%     90.74% |       24469      3.08%     93.83% |       24479      3.09%     96.91% |       24482      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       793223                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       14955      3.22%      3.22% |       14573      3.13%      6.35% |       14597      3.14%      9.49% |       14565      3.13%     12.62% |       14542      3.13%     15.74% |       14524      3.12%     18.87% |       14526      3.12%     21.99% |       14512      3.12%     25.11% |       14535      3.13%     28.24% |       14551      3.13%     31.36% |       14546      3.13%     34.49% |       14502      3.12%     37.61% |       14524      3.12%     40.73% |       14517      3.12%     43.85% |       14523      3.12%     46.98% |       14490      3.12%     50.09% |       14494      3.12%     53.21% |       14497      3.12%     56.32% |       14514      3.12%     59.45% |       14498      3.12%     62.56% |       14530      3.12%     65.69% |       14502      3.12%     68.80% |       14511      3.12%     71.92% |       14501      3.12%     75.04% |       14523      3.12%     78.16% |       14521      3.12%     81.29% |       14506      3.12%     84.41% |       14491      3.12%     87.52% |       14529      3.12%     90.64% |       14506      3.12%     93.76% |       14503      3.12%     96.88% |       14505      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       465113                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          34      4.80%      4.80% |          24      3.39%      8.18% |          22      3.10%     11.28% |          22      3.10%     14.39% |          21      2.96%     17.35% |          21      2.96%     20.31% |          22      3.10%     23.41% |          22      3.10%     26.52% |          22      3.10%     29.62% |          22      3.10%     32.72% |          21      2.96%     35.68% |          21      2.96%     38.65% |          21      2.96%     41.61% |          21      2.96%     44.57% |          21      2.96%     47.53% |          21      2.96%     50.49% |          21      2.96%     53.46% |          22      3.10%     56.56% |          22      3.10%     59.66% |          22      3.10%     62.76% |          22      3.10%     65.87% |          23      3.24%     69.11% |          22      3.10%     72.21% |          21      2.96%     75.18% |          21      2.96%     78.14% |          23      3.24%     81.38% |          22      3.10%     84.49% |          21      2.96%     87.45% |          21      2.96%     90.41% |          22      3.10%     93.51% |          23      3.24%     96.76% |          23      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          709                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |           6     27.27%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           1      4.55%     31.82% |           1      4.55%     36.36% |           1      4.55%     40.91% |           0      0.00%     40.91% |           1      4.55%     45.45% |           1      4.55%     50.00% |           1      4.55%     54.55% |           1      4.55%     59.09% |           1      4.55%     63.64% |           1      4.55%     68.18% |           1      4.55%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           1      4.55%     86.36% |           1      4.55%     90.91% |           1      4.55%     95.45% |           1      4.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      171650      9.60%      9.60% |       54095      3.03%     12.63% |       49093      2.75%     15.37% |       52804      2.95%     18.33% |       53317      2.98%     21.31% |       49322      2.76%     24.07% |       45765      2.56%     26.63% |       45774      2.56%     29.19% |       51360      2.87%     32.06% |       49629      2.78%     34.84% |       53860      3.01%     37.85% |       50843      2.84%     40.69% |       48106      2.69%     43.38% |       46726      2.61%     46.00% |       47694      2.67%     48.67% |       46423      2.60%     51.26% |       50380      2.82%     54.08% |       48179      2.69%     56.77% |       49712      2.78%     59.56% |       53822      3.01%     62.57% |       54318      3.04%     65.60% |       63146      3.53%     69.14% |       57792      3.23%     72.37% |       53036      2.97%     75.34% |       53287      2.98%     78.32% |       51253      2.87%     81.18% |       52316      2.93%     84.11% |       52119      2.92%     87.02% |       55322      3.09%     90.12% |       54973      3.07%     93.19% |       63278      3.54%     96.73% |       58400      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1787794                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           1      1.85%      1.85% |           2      3.70%      5.56% |           4      7.41%     12.96% |           2      3.70%     16.67% |           1      1.85%     18.52% |           5      9.26%     27.78% |           2      3.70%     31.48% |           0      0.00%     31.48% |           0      0.00%     31.48% |           0      0.00%     31.48% |           3      5.56%     37.04% |           1      1.85%     38.89% |           1      1.85%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           2      3.70%     44.44% |           1      1.85%     46.30% |           2      3.70%     50.00% |           5      9.26%     59.26% |           4      7.41%     66.67% |           2      3.70%     70.37% |           1      1.85%     72.22% |           2      3.70%     75.93% |           1      1.85%     77.78% |           2      3.70%     81.48% |           4      7.41%     88.89% |           3      5.56%     94.44% |           2      3.70%     98.15% |           1      1.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          69      3.23%      3.23% |          61      2.85%      6.08% |          62      2.90%      8.98% |          61      2.85%     11.84% |          64      2.99%     14.83% |          58      2.71%     17.55% |          59      2.76%     20.31% |          62      2.90%     23.21% |          65      3.04%     26.25% |          65      3.04%     29.29% |          76      3.56%     32.85% |          61      2.85%     35.70% |          62      2.90%     38.61% |          65      3.04%     41.65% |          67      3.14%     44.78% |          63      2.95%     47.73% |          65      3.04%     50.77% |          65      3.04%     53.81% |          64      2.99%     56.81% |          66      3.09%     59.90% |          81      3.79%     63.69% |         107      5.01%     68.69% |          74      3.46%     72.16% |          80      3.74%     75.90% |          64      2.99%     78.90% |          63      2.95%     81.84% |          67      3.14%     84.98% |          60      2.81%     87.79% |          63      2.95%     90.73% |          61      2.85%     93.59% |          66      3.09%     96.68% |          71      3.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         2137                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          10     27.78%     27.78% |           7     19.44%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           8     22.22%     69.44% |           3      8.33%     77.78% |           8     22.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           36                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           2     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           4     25.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           1      6.25%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           6     37.50%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |          15     83.33%     88.89% |           2     11.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       49827      3.90%      3.90% |       39581      3.10%      7.00% |       39606      3.10%     10.10% |       39575      3.10%     13.20% |       39543      3.10%     16.30% |       39501      3.09%     19.39% |       39551      3.10%     22.49% |       39560      3.10%     25.59% |       39621      3.10%     28.69% |       39577      3.10%     31.79% |       39627      3.10%     34.89% |       39587      3.10%     37.99% |       39640      3.10%     41.10% |       39616      3.10%     44.20% |       39609      3.10%     47.30% |       39544      3.10%     50.40% |       39602      3.10%     53.50% |       39609      3.10%     56.60% |       39629      3.10%     59.70% |       39561      3.10%     62.80% |       39589      3.10%     65.90% |       39658      3.11%     69.01% |       39580      3.10%     72.11% |       39538      3.10%     75.20% |       39631      3.10%     78.31% |       39683      3.11%     81.41% |       39609      3.10%     84.51% |       39534      3.10%     87.61% |       39555      3.10%     90.71% |       39571      3.10%     93.81% |       39558      3.10%     96.90% |       39537      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1277009                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          34      4.80%      4.80% |          24      3.39%      8.18% |          22      3.10%     11.28% |          22      3.10%     14.39% |          21      2.96%     17.35% |          21      2.96%     20.31% |          22      3.10%     23.41% |          22      3.10%     26.52% |          22      3.10%     29.62% |          22      3.10%     32.72% |          21      2.96%     35.68% |          21      2.96%     38.65% |          21      2.96%     41.61% |          21      2.96%     44.57% |          21      2.96%     47.53% |          21      2.96%     50.49% |          21      2.96%     53.46% |          22      3.10%     56.56% |          22      3.10%     59.66% |          22      3.10%     62.76% |          22      3.10%     65.87% |          23      3.24%     69.11% |          22      3.10%     72.21% |          21      2.96%     75.18% |          21      2.96%     78.14% |          23      3.24%     81.38% |          22      3.10%     84.49% |          21      2.96%     87.45% |          21      2.96%     90.41% |          22      3.10%     93.51% |          23      3.24%     96.76% |          23      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          709                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          53     62.35%     62.35% |           1      1.18%     63.53% |           3      3.53%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           2      2.35%     69.41% |           0      0.00%     69.41% |           1      1.18%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           2      2.35%     72.94% |           1      1.18%     74.12% |           2      2.35%     76.47% |           2      2.35%     78.82% |           2      2.35%     81.18% |           1      1.18%     82.35% |           1      1.18%     83.53% |           1      1.18%     84.71% |           1      1.18%     85.88% |           2      2.35%     88.24% |           4      4.71%     92.94% |           3      3.53%     96.47% |           2      2.35%     98.82% |           1      1.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           85                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           2      8.70%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           2      8.70%     26.09% |           1      4.35%     30.43% |           5     21.74%     52.17% |           2      8.70%     60.87% |           0      0.00%     60.87% |           0      0.00%     60.87% |           0      0.00%     60.87% |           1      4.35%     65.22% |           1      4.35%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           3     13.04%     82.61% |           2      8.70%     91.30% |           1      4.35%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           1      4.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     33.33%     33.33% |           6     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           3      1.69%      1.69% |           5      2.81%      4.49% |           5      2.81%      7.30% |           5      2.81%     10.11% |           6      3.37%     13.48% |           3      1.69%     15.17% |           3      1.69%     16.85% |           5      2.81%     19.66% |           5      2.81%     22.47% |           4      2.25%     24.72% |           5      2.81%     27.53% |           4      2.25%     29.78% |           5      2.81%     32.58% |           3      1.69%     34.27% |           4      2.25%     36.52% |           4      2.25%     38.76% |           4      2.25%     41.01% |           5      2.81%     43.82% |           6      3.37%     47.19% |           7      3.93%     51.12% |          22     12.36%     63.48% |          21     11.80%     75.28% |           3      1.69%     76.97% |           5      2.81%     79.78% |           5      2.81%     82.58% |           4      2.25%     84.83% |           5      2.81%     87.64% |           5      2.81%     90.45% |           4      2.25%     92.70% |           4      2.25%     94.94% |           5      2.81%     97.75% |           4      2.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          178                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          66      3.37%      3.37% |          56      2.86%      6.23% |          57      2.91%      9.14% |          56      2.86%     12.00% |          58      2.96%     14.96% |          55      2.81%     17.76% |          56      2.86%     20.62% |          57      2.91%     23.53% |          60      3.06%     26.60% |          61      3.11%     29.71% |          71      3.62%     33.33% |          57      2.91%     36.24% |          57      2.91%     39.15% |          62      3.16%     42.32% |          63      3.22%     45.53% |          59      3.01%     48.55% |          61      3.11%     51.66% |          60      3.06%     54.72% |          58      2.96%     57.68% |          59      3.01%     60.69% |          59      3.01%     63.71% |          86      4.39%     68.10% |          71      3.62%     71.72% |          75      3.83%     75.55% |          59      3.01%     78.56% |          59      3.01%     81.57% |          62      3.16%     84.74% |          55      2.81%     87.54% |          59      3.01%     90.56% |          57      2.91%     93.47% |          61      3.11%     96.58% |          67      3.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1959                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     75.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |           6    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         509      3.24%      3.24% |         455      2.90%      6.15% |         438      2.79%      8.94% |         449      2.86%     11.80% |         450      2.87%     14.67% |         432      2.75%     17.42% |         472      3.01%     20.43% |         490      3.12%     23.55% |         504      3.21%     26.77% |         442      2.82%     29.59% |         488      3.11%     32.70% |         499      3.18%     35.88% |         549      3.50%     39.38% |         522      3.33%     42.70% |         509      3.24%     45.95% |         490      3.12%     49.07% |         513      3.27%     52.34% |         532      3.39%     55.73% |         529      3.37%     59.11% |         480      3.06%     62.17% |         473      3.02%     65.18% |         524      3.34%     68.52% |         480      3.06%     71.58% |         452      2.88%     74.46% |         522      3.33%     77.79% |         579      3.69%     81.48% |         524      3.34%     84.82% |         478      3.05%     87.87% |         454      2.89%     90.76% |         510      3.25%     94.01% |         485      3.09%     97.11% |         454      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        15687                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      6.25%      6.25% |           1      6.25%     12.50% |           1      6.25%     18.75% |           0      0.00%     18.75% |           1      6.25%     25.00% |           1      6.25%     31.25% |           1      6.25%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           1      6.25%     50.00% |           1      6.25%     56.25% |           1      6.25%     62.50% |           1      6.25%     68.75% |           1      6.25%     75.00% |           1      6.25%     81.25% |           1      6.25%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      3.12%      3.12% |           2      6.25%      9.38% |           2      6.25%     15.62% |           2      6.25%     21.88% |           1      3.12%     25.00% |           2      6.25%     31.25% |           3      9.38%     40.62% |           1      3.12%     43.75% |           1      3.12%     46.88% |           2      6.25%     53.12% |           1      3.12%     56.25% |           1      3.12%     59.38% |           2      6.25%     65.62% |           1      3.12%     68.75% |           2      6.25%     75.00% |           1      3.12%     78.12% |           1      3.12%     81.25% |           1      3.12%     84.38% |           2      6.25%     90.62% |           0      0.00%     90.62% |           1      3.12%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           1      3.12%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           1      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           32                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       25574      5.07%      5.07% |       15486      3.07%      8.14% |       15518      3.08%     11.22% |       15471      3.07%     14.28% |       15448      3.06%     17.35% |       15421      3.06%     20.41% |       15428      3.06%     23.46% |       15427      3.06%     26.52% |       15459      3.06%     29.59% |       15476      3.07%     32.66% |       15501      3.07%     35.73% |       15426      3.06%     38.79% |       15439      3.06%     41.85% |       15446      3.06%     44.91% |       15454      3.06%     47.98% |       15414      3.06%     51.03% |       15428      3.06%     54.09% |       15421      3.06%     57.15% |       15447      3.06%     60.21% |       15427      3.06%     63.27% |       15451      3.06%     66.33% |       15463      3.07%     69.40% |       15456      3.06%     72.46% |       15437      3.06%     75.52% |       15450      3.06%     78.59% |       15449      3.06%     81.65% |       15428      3.06%     84.71% |       15409      3.06%     87.76% |       15452      3.06%     90.83% |       15412      3.06%     93.88% |       15414      3.06%     96.94% |       15440      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       504372                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         503      3.21%      3.21% |         454      2.89%      6.10% |         438      2.79%      8.89% |         449      2.86%     11.76% |         449      2.86%     14.62% |         430      2.74%     17.36% |         472      3.01%     20.37% |         491      3.13%     23.50% |         505      3.22%     26.72% |         445      2.84%     29.56% |         487      3.10%     32.66% |         498      3.17%     35.83% |         551      3.51%     39.35% |         523      3.33%     42.68% |         510      3.25%     45.93% |         492      3.14%     49.07% |         515      3.28%     52.35% |         532      3.39%     55.74% |         529      3.37%     59.12% |         483      3.08%     62.20% |         473      3.02%     65.21% |         523      3.33%     68.55% |         478      3.05%     71.59% |         451      2.88%     74.47% |         519      3.31%     77.78% |         578      3.68%     81.46% |         522      3.33%     84.79% |         479      3.05%     87.84% |         456      2.91%     90.75% |         511      3.26%     94.01% |         487      3.10%     97.11% |         453      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        15686                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       24774      3.14%      3.14% |       24665      3.12%      6.26% |       24674      3.12%      9.38% |       24679      3.13%     12.51% |       24670      3.12%     15.63% |       24674      3.12%     18.76% |       24675      3.12%     21.88% |       24666      3.12%     25.01% |       24681      3.13%     28.13% |       24680      3.13%     31.26% |       24663      3.12%     34.38% |       24687      3.13%     37.51% |       24674      3.12%     40.63% |       24671      3.12%     43.75% |       24669      3.12%     46.88% |       24662      3.12%     50.00% |       24683      3.13%     53.13% |       24680      3.13%     56.25% |       24677      3.12%     59.38% |       24675      3.12%     62.50% |       24689      3.13%     65.63% |       24696      3.13%     68.75% |       24670      3.12%     71.88% |       24674      3.12%     75.00% |       24686      3.13%     78.13% |       24680      3.13%     81.25% |       24683      3.13%     84.38% |       24670      3.12%     87.50% |       24671      3.12%     90.63% |       24672      3.12%     93.75% |       24681      3.13%     96.88% |       24668      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       789719                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      4.17%      4.17% |           4      8.33%     12.50% |           5     10.42%     22.92% |           3      6.25%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           1      2.08%     31.25% |           1      2.08%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      2.08%     35.42% |           6     12.50%     47.92% |           0      0.00%     47.92% |           2      4.17%     52.08% |           0      0.00%     52.08% |           0      0.00%     52.08% |           0      0.00%     52.08% |           7     14.58%     66.67% |           5     10.42%     77.08% |           1      2.08%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           1      2.08%     81.25% |           1      2.08%     83.33% |           1      2.08%     85.42% |           1      2.08%     87.50% |           5     10.42%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           1      2.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           48                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      171914      9.58%      9.58% |       54285      3.03%     12.61% |       49286      2.75%     15.35% |       52996      2.95%     18.31% |       53516      2.98%     21.29% |       49519      2.76%     24.05% |       45957      2.56%     26.61% |       45967      2.56%     29.17% |       51554      2.87%     32.05% |       49823      2.78%     34.82% |       54069      3.01%     37.84% |       51036      2.84%     40.68% |       48293      2.69%     43.37% |       46922      2.62%     45.99% |       47891      2.67%     48.66% |       46616      2.60%     51.26% |       50576      2.82%     54.08% |       48375      2.70%     56.77% |       49902      2.78%     59.55% |       54014      3.01%     62.56% |       54534      3.04%     65.60% |       63393      3.53%     69.14% |       58002      3.23%     72.37% |       53248      2.97%     75.34% |       53481      2.98%     78.32% |       51446      2.87%     81.19% |       52513      2.93%     84.11% |       52309      2.92%     87.03% |       55512      3.09%     90.12% |       55167      3.07%     93.20% |       63475      3.54%     96.73% |       58601      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1794192                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      7.14%      7.14% |           1      7.14%     14.29% |           1      7.14%     21.43% |           0      0.00%     21.43% |           1      7.14%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           1      7.14%     50.00% |           1      7.14%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |           6    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |           6     30.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           1      5.00%     35.00% |           1      5.00%     40.00% |           1      5.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           1      5.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      5.00%     55.00% |           1      5.00%     60.00% |           1      5.00%     65.00% |           1      5.00%     70.00% |           1      5.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1      5.00%     80.00% |           1      5.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           1      5.00%     95.00% |           1      5.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total           20                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       38534     12.03%     12.03% |      160195     50.00%     62.03% |       15143      4.73%     66.75% |       16560      5.17%     71.92% |       14972      4.67%     76.60% |       16515      5.15%     81.75% |       14936      4.66%     86.41% |       17472      5.45%     91.87% |       13050      4.07%     95.94% |       13013      4.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       320390                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       38534     12.03%     12.03% |      160195     50.00%     62.03% |       15143      4.73%     66.75% |       16560      5.17%     71.92% |       14972      4.67%     76.60% |       16515      5.15%     81.75% |       14936      4.66%     86.41% |       17472      5.45%     91.87% |       13050      4.07%     95.94% |       13013      4.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       320390                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       38534     12.03%     12.03% |      160195     50.00%     62.03% |       15143      4.73%     66.75% |       16560      5.17%     71.92% |       14972      4.67%     76.60% |       16515      5.15%     81.75% |       14936      4.66%     86.41% |       17472      5.45%     91.87% |       13050      4.07%     95.94% |       13013      4.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       320390                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       38534     12.03%     12.03% |      160195     50.00%     62.03% |       15143      4.73%     66.75% |       16560      5.17%     71.92% |       14972      4.67%     76.60% |       16515      5.15%     81.75% |       14936      4.66%     86.41% |       17472      5.45%     91.87% |       13050      4.07%     95.94% |       13013      4.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       320390                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
