
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.059743                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 59743336500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5235911415000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  21095                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    37531                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               31724597                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4817636                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1883.19                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    39725116                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      70677502                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     14034624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          14034624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4007808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        4007808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       219291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             219291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        62622                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             62622                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    234915303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            234915303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     67083766                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            67083766                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    301999069                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           301999069                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     219291                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     62622                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   219291                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   62622                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              14032896                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1728                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                4007680                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               14034624                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             4007808                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    27                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            13461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            13998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            13664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            14063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            13702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            14280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            13743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            13672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            13562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            13898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           13605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           13835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           13385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           13266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           13559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           13571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             3845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             3927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             3906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             4132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             3927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             4077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             3983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             3947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             3818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             4072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            3841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            3777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            3724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            3762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            4009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            3873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                      887                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                      407                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  59742844500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               219291                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               62622                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 161102                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  42270                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  11022                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   2436                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    574                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                    190                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                     97                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                     91                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                     61                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                     52                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                    41                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                    41                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                    33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                    31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                  1006                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  12187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  12373                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  12357                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  12332                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  12302                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                    240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                    181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                    650                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        84898                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   212.487267                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   136.925448                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   240.222155                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40777     48.03%     48.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        17868     21.05%     69.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14819     17.46%     86.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2654      3.13%     89.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1904      2.24%     91.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1289      1.52%     93.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1039      1.22%     94.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          945      1.11%     95.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3603      4.24%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        84898                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12229                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     17.772672                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    74.104316                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11855     96.94%     96.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          198      1.62%     98.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           79      0.65%     99.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           50      0.41%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           25      0.20%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            8      0.07%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            3      0.02%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            4      0.03%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        12229                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12229                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.120615                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.081170                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.914352                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12104     98.98%     98.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            42      0.34%     99.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           18      0.15%     99.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           65      0.53%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        12229                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  3061997251                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             7173197251                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1096320000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    13964.89                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               32714.89                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      234.89                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       67.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   234.92                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    67.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.84                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.12                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.86                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  158418                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  38560                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                72.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               61.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    211919.44                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   69.88                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10794019000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1994720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    46947644750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              325253880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              316537200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              177469875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              172713750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             862446000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             847665000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            205701120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            200076480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         3901672320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         3901672320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        25608555585                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        24933921255                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        13378176750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        13969961250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          44459275530                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          44342547255                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          744.258071                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          742.304014                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     13851200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          13851200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3840704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        3840704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       216425                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             216425                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        60011                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             60011                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    231845103                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            231845103                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     64286734                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            64286734                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    296131837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           296131837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     216425                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     60011                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   216425                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   60011                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              13849664                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1536                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                3840512                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               13851200                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             3840704                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    24                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            13290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            13819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            13485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            13893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            13534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            14119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            13535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            13509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            13401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            13712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           13419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           13655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           13210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           13105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           13294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           13421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             3686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             3780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             3765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             3979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             3771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             3924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             3803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             3779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             3663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             3898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            3678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            3611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            3566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            3595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            3794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            3716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                      446                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                      287                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  59742586000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               216425                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               60011                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 158715                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  42804                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  10573                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   2182                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                    493                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                    188                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                    124                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                    117                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                     97                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                     95                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                    68                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                    61                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                    50                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                    37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                    46                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                    42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                   483                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  11682                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  11889                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  11865                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  11835                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  11835                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                    271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                    181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                    453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        80428                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   219.936142                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   140.940622                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   246.534261                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        37362     46.45%     46.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        17135     21.30%     67.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14430     17.94%     85.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2585      3.21%     88.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1925      2.39%     91.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1287      1.60%     92.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1036      1.29%     94.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1033      1.28%     95.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3635      4.52%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        80428                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11714                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.309630                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    76.335700                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11355     96.94%     96.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          179      1.53%     98.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           73      0.62%     99.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           55      0.47%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           27      0.23%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           11      0.09%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            3      0.03%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            3      0.03%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        11714                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11714                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.122759                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.085970                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.864087                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11583     98.88%     98.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            62      0.53%     99.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           22      0.19%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           47      0.40%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        11714                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  2800395813                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             6857914563                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1082005000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    12940.77                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               31690.77                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      231.82                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       64.28                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   231.85                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    64.29                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  157024                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  38949                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                72.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               64.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    216117.24                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   70.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11222905250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1994720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    46518871750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              309355200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              298672920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              168795000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              162966375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             851526000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             836253600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            197555760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            191296080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         3901672320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         3901672320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        25307770005                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        24354599760                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        13642023750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        14478138000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          44378698035                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          44223599055                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          742.909186                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          740.312795                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     13851904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          13851904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3841920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        3841920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       216436                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             216436                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        60030                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             60030                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    231856887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            231856887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     64307088                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            64307088                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    296163975                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           296163975                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     216436                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     60030                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   216436                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   60030                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              13851136                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                3841728                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               13851904                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             3841920                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    12                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            13292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            13832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            13508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            13918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            13546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            14108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            13494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            13500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            13395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            13711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           13426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           13701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           13205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           13068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           13299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           13421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             3680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             3777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             3762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             3992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             3770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             3914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             3812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             3786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             3665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             3906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            3673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            3608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            3575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            3589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            3799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            3719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                      448                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                      289                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  59742618500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               216436                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               60030                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 159160                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  42370                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  10512                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   2275                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                    494                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                    160                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                    100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                     74                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                     79                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                     78                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                    63                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                    57                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                    48                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                    39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                    40                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                    40                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                    37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                    34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                    30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                   495                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  11697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  11891                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  11891                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  11861                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  11832                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                    226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                    167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                    465                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        80460                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   219.882873                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   140.877069                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   246.208453                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        37509     46.62%     46.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        16807     20.89%     67.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14545     18.08%     85.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2655      3.30%     88.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1998      2.48%     91.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1272      1.58%     92.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1043      1.30%     94.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1004      1.25%     95.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3627      4.51%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        80460                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11735                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.382360                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    77.479783                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11373     96.92%     96.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          185      1.58%     98.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           74      0.63%     99.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           49      0.42%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           29      0.25%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           10      0.09%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            3      0.03%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            3      0.03%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            2      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            3      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        11735                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11735                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.115211                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.079033                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.863845                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11612     98.95%     98.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            53      0.45%     99.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           20      0.17%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           50      0.43%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        11735                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  2801244295                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             6859194295                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1082120000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    12943.32                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               31693.32                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      231.84                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       64.30                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   231.86                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    64.31                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  157077                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  38905                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                72.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               64.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    216093.91                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   70.89                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11131723750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1994720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    46610171250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              309226680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              299043360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              168724875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              163168500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             851643000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             836323800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            197594640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            191380320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         3901672320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         3901672320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        25276882275                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        24499559025                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        13669118250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        14350980750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          44374862040                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          44242128075                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          742.844971                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          740.622975                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     13836864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          13836864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3838464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        3838464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       216201                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             216201                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        59976                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             59976                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    231605143                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            231605143                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     64249241                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            64249241                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    295854384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           295854384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     216202                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     59976                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   216202                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   59976                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              13836160                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                3838208                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               13836928                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             3838464                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    12                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            13270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            13822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            13450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            13898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            13490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            14083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            13511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            13491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            13398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            13703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           13441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           13658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           13200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           13061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           13312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           13402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             3684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             3769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             3752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             3975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             3768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             3909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             3808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             3773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             3662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             3908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            3671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            3622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            3573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            3595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            3795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            3708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                      460                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                      309                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  59742591000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               216202                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               59976                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 158478                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  42148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  10881                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   2428                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                    583                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                    189                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                    116                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                    107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                     95                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                     88                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                    85                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                    65                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                    55                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                    51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                    44                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                    36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                    36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                    32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                   506                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  11685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  11863                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  11864                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  11837                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  11826                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                    242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                    172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                    487                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        80080                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   220.697702                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   141.360179                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   246.955895                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        37173     46.42%     46.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        16741     20.91%     67.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14579     18.21%     85.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2648      3.31%     88.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1947      2.43%     91.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1276      1.59%     92.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1062      1.33%     94.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          980      1.22%     95.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3674      4.59%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        80080                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11721                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.280437                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    75.098443                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11351     96.84%     96.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          194      1.66%     98.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           69      0.59%     99.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           52      0.44%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           33      0.28%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            9      0.08%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      0.02%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            3      0.03%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            4      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        11721                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11721                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.116628                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.079862                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.868169                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11594     98.92%     98.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            55      0.47%     99.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           23      0.20%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           49      0.42%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        11721                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  2881459230                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             6935021730                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1080950000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    13328.37                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               32078.37                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      231.59                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       64.24                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   231.61                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    64.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  157125                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  38952                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                72.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               64.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    216319.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   71.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11021257000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1994720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    46720761000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              306860400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              298544400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              167433750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              162896250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             850246800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             835926000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            197238240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            191380320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         3901672320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         3901672320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        25192581840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        24307525170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        13743066000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        14519431500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          44359099350                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          44217375960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          742.581100                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          740.208619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1143                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1143                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               218                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              218                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5018                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          812                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          932                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3982                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4854                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               159500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              454540                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              112540                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1826000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          381                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1560576                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          381                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                 64                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                 639                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                7472903                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 25.456867                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                23.083188                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                11.063137                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     7455423     99.77%     99.77% |       15262      0.20%     99.97% |        1440      0.02%     99.99% |         681      0.01%    100.00% |          91      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  7472903                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     20865764                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.638471                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.450318                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      0.974647                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    20001985     95.86%     95.86% |      851553      4.08%     99.94% |        5912      0.03%     99.97% |        1550      0.01%     99.98% |        1189      0.01%     99.98% |         948      0.00%     99.99% |         376      0.00%     99.99% |         525      0.00%     99.99% |        1726      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      20865764                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            20865761                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              13.531597                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.778974                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             51.700517                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    20848335     99.92%     99.92% |       15025      0.07%     99.99% |        1111      0.01%     99.99% |         547      0.00%    100.00% |         349      0.00%    100.00% |         270      0.00%    100.00% |          92      0.00%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              20865761                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        19640529                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000239                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000206                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.015472                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    19635832     99.98%     99.98% |        4695      0.02%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          19640529                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1225232                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        182.349778                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       152.739238                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       123.462145                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1207806     98.58%     98.58% |       15025      1.23%     99.80% |        1111      0.09%     99.89% |         547      0.04%     99.94% |         349      0.03%     99.97% |         270      0.02%     99.99% |          92      0.01%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1225232                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    31343104                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                     994048                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         814748                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       814748                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           12                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            6                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles            6                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles            7                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     14095939                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       441219                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     14537158                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      4746092                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       124292                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4870384                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       111441                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        22665                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store        53003                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1884554                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        45273                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           76                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           76                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits       101782                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        96720                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       198502                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles         3135                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99586                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80418                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       180004                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles           62                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99345                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80403                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       179748                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles           88                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99602                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80402                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       180004                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles           63                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99859                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80401                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       180260                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles           73                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99716                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80632                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       180348                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles           62                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99152                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80252                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       179404                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles           72                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99456                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80420                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       179876                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles           72                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        52947                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        30759                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        83706                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        10283                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        27171                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        37454                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        11086                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        27215                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        38301                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits         9875                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        27146                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        37021                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits         9076                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        27182                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        36258                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits         9007                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        27161                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        36168                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits         8647                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        27146                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        35793                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         8389                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        27119                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        35508                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        11359                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        27164                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        38523                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits         9366                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        27171                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        36537                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits         9678                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        27145                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        36823                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits         8949                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        27100                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        36049                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits         9188                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        27243                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        36431                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits         9075                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        27116                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        36191                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits         9159                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        27126                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        36285                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits         9525                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        27115                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        36640                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits         8393                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        27104                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        35497                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        10202                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        27170                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        37372                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits         8996                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        27173                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        36169                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits         9060                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        27150                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        36210                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits         9542                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        27100                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        36642                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        10080                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        27130                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        37210                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        10093                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        27117                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        37210                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits         9456                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        27166                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        36622                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        12323                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        27108                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        39431                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        12969                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        27147                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        40116                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits         9627                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        27157                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        36784                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits         9198                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        27127                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        36325                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         8679                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        27117                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        35796                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         7896                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        27119                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        35015                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        10412                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        27151                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        37563                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        10408                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        27175                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        37583                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          147                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      9342601                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      9342601                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9417529                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9342601                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4619435                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4617773                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      9342601                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.078189                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      5726952                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      5726952                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5771120                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5726952                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3761426                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3754564                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      5726952                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.047930                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      4240383                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      4240383                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4272801                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4240383                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2058429                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2056803                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      4240383                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.035488                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      3752028                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      3752028                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3778031                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3752028                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1937400                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1936512                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      3752028                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.031401                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      4041050                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      4041050                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4061437                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4041050                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2439526                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2437094                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      4041050                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.033820                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      3752160                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      3752160                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3770201                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3752160                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2170049                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2169288                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      3752160                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.031402                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      4823331                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      4823331                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4856978                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4823331                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2083498                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2082903                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      4823331                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.040367                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      3720043                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      3720043                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3745504                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3720043                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1810127                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1809535                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      3720043                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.031134                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      2535673                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      2535673                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2546726                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2535673                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1324424                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1324069                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      2535673                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.021221                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      2960137                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      2960137                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2971919                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2960137                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1649521                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1649081                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      2960137                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.024774                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      2064559                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      2064559                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2070655                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2064559                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       910404                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       910287                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      2064559                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.017279                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      1732990                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      1732990                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1735551                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1732990                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       785299                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       785242                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      1732990                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.014504                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      1991672                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      1991672                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1995119                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1991672                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1011071                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1010932                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      1991672                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.016669                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      1768769                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      1768769                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1771526                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1768769                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       801067                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       800993                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      1768768                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.014803                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1062644                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1062644                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1064670                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1062644                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       454796                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       454752                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1062644                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.008893                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      1495949                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      1495949                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1500269                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1495949                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       676413                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       676305                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      1495949                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.012520                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      2035768                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      2035768                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2041439                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2035768                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       821983                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       821880                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      2035768                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.017038                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      1618297                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      1618297                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1621916                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1618297                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       688991                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       688917                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      1618297                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.013544                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      1507640                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      1507640                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1512983                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1507640                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       707537                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       707412                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      1507640                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.012618                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       891066                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       891066                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       893626                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       891066                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       398360                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       398282                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       891066                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.007457                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       888862                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       888862                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       889243                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       888862                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       451675                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       451674                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       888862                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.007439                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads       985040                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes       985040                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity       985645                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity       985040                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       541376                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       541320                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity       985040                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.008244                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       948214                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       948214                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity       948952                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       948214                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       474086                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       474058                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       948214                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.007936                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       590392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       590392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       590392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       590392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       273788                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       273788                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       590392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.004941                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       848767                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       848767                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       849155                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       848767                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       407329                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       407323                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       848767                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.007103                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads       971850                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes       971850                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity       972573                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity       971850                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       530162                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       530106                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity       971850                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.008134                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       934796                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       934796                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       935558                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       934796                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       462288                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       462260                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       934796                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.007823                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       597338                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       597338                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       597338                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       597338                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       275526                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       275526                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       597338                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.004999                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      3855499                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      3855499                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3898723                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3855499                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1880552                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1879555                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      3855499                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.032267                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      3674053                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      3674053                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3705084                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3674053                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1735159                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1734405                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      3674053                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.030749                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      3761681                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      3761681                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3793872                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3761681                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1696890                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1695897                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      3761681                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.031482                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      3820476                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      3820476                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3853753                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3820476                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1770358                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1769360                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      3820476                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.031974                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     6349301     29.35%     29.35% |    14162316     65.46%     94.81% |     1123668      5.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     21635285                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     6349303     29.35%     29.35% |    14162317     65.46%     94.81% |     1123668      5.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     21635288                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   154827702                       |   334710160                       |    25525704                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |    15361236                       |    45466061                       |     1124514                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   24.385000                       |   23.633858                       |   22.716411                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    2.419359                       |    3.210355                       |    1.000753                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    23.806646                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     2.863462                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         26.670108                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002842                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.062105      7.10%      7.10% |    0.062254      7.11%     14.21% |    0.062044      7.09%     21.30% |    0.062190      7.11%     28.40% |    0.145054     16.57%     44.98% |    0.144131     16.47%     61.45% |    0.145038     16.57%     78.02% |    0.144120     16.47%     94.48% |    0.012065      1.38%     95.86% |    0.012070      1.38%     97.24% |    0.012071      1.38%     98.62% |    0.012068      1.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.875210                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.021692                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.022642                       |    0.000002                       |    0.002800                       |    0.002138                       |    0.002139                       |    0.002138                       |    0.002137                       |    0.002147                       |    0.002133                       |    0.002139                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004932                       |    0.002517                       |    0.002470                       |    0.002478                       |    0.002487                       |    0.002458                       |    0.002435                       |    0.002400                       |    0.002526                       |    0.002514                       |    0.002562                       |    0.002497                       |    0.002461                       |    0.002449                       |    0.002433                       |    0.002420                       |    0.002570                       |    0.002468                       |    0.002487                       |    0.002450                       |    0.002460                       |    0.002460                       |    0.002479                       |    0.002422                       |    0.002516                       |    0.002455                       |    0.002460                       |    0.002469                       |    0.002504                       |    0.002493                       |    0.002606                       |    0.002646                       |    0.010998                       |    0.010852                       |    0.010852                       |    0.010841                       |    0.000205                       |           0                       |    0.000638                       |    0.007461                       |    0.000903                       |    0.000860                       |    0.000847                       |    0.000861                       |    0.000849                       |    0.000863                       |    0.000813                       |    0.000826                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002567                       |    0.000208                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002665                       |    0.002000                       |    0.004026                       |    0.002596                       |    0.000813                       |    0.003671                       |    0.007101                       |    0.003016                       |           0                       |    0.002594                       |    0.005552                       |           0                       |    0.008235                       |    0.012148                       |    0.003738                       |    0.004851                       |    0.002559                       |    0.000903                       |    0.007818                       |    0.008477                       |    0.010881                       |    0.004035                       |    0.002545                       |    0.000860                       |    0.010291                       |    0.006724                       |    0.006947                       |           0                       |    0.002537                       |    0.005416                       |           0                       |    0.011239                       |    0.007150                       |    0.004406                       |           0                       |    0.002557                       |           0                       |    0.005013                       |    0.003579                       |    0.003354                       |           0                       |    0.002585                       |           0                       |    0.002516                       |    0.002002                       |           0                       |    0.002544                       |           0                       |    0.001104                       |    0.002460                       |    0.002136                       |    0.004035                       |    0.002548                       |    0.000826                       |    0.004849                       |    0.003420                       |    0.006915                       |    0.002180                       |    0.004034                       |    0.002570                       |    0.000847                       |    0.003846                       |    0.009548                       |    0.010046                       |    0.002929                       |    0.027463                       |    0.004239                       |    0.000638                       |    0.006876                       |    0.014760                       |    0.017803                       |    0.006412                       |    0.000004                       |    0.002567                       |    0.007461                       |    0.006210                       |    0.012343                       |    0.013018                       |    0.006327                       |    0.004034                       |    0.002528                       |    0.000861                       |    0.005667                       |    0.007871                       |    0.006787                       |    0.003654                       |           0                       |    0.002558                       |           0                       |    0.002340                       |    0.004916                       |    0.003409                       |    0.003446                       |           0                       |    0.002535                       |           0                       |    0.001008                       |    0.002455                       |    0.002136                       |           0                       |    0.002575                       |           0                       |    0.000364                       |    0.002479                       |    0.002519                       |           0                       |    0.002618                       |           0                       |    0.004270                       |    0.003321                       |    0.004543                       |    0.002527                       |           0                       |    0.002657                       |    0.005417                       |           0                       |    0.002934                       |    0.008050                       |    0.009917                       |    0.002506                       |    0.004034                       |    0.002525                       |    0.000849                       |    0.016708                       |    0.007534                       |    0.006096                       |    0.002621                       |    0.004045                       |    0.002506                       |    0.000863                       |    0.005330                       |    0.010290                       |    0.005570                       |    0.002530                       |           0                       |    0.002650                       |    0.005411                       |           0                       |    0.003605                       |    0.011288                       |    0.006447                       |    0.002572                       |           0                       |    0.002516                       |           0                       |    0.001611                       |    0.004910                       |    0.003227                       |    0.002539                       |           0                       |    0.002565                       |           0                       |    0.000268                       |    0.002460                       |    0.002530                       |           0                       |    0.002519                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002422                       |           0                       |    0.002527                       |           0                       |    0.002008                       |           0                       |    0.004358                       |           0                       |    0.002506                       |           0                       |    0.003017                       |    0.001510                       |    0.005486                       |           0                       |    0.002621                       |           0                       |    0.008327                       |    0.003235                       |    0.002855                       |           0                       |    0.002530                       |           0                       |    0.002014                       |    0.006361                       |    0.002640                       |           0                       |    0.002572                       |           0                       |    0.004354                       |    0.005691                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002539                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004919                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002530                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002469                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.875210                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         8042328                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      8042328                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       341355                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      6142914                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         5513239                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     89.749572                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          741550                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29467                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             12341899                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              52694                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             9923383                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             44998                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         12394593                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         9968381                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  22265282                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                   97692                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              22362974                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              4877525                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9793                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          4887318                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   4877525                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9793                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               4887318                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                112658300                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17653283                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               48114249                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             8042328                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      6254789                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              90004987                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          757472                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             144329                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       161675                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       234693                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3322                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       320776                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           4876850                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        137971                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3941                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    108901801                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.809032                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.160901                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         92334422     84.79%     84.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1691972      1.55%     86.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1171937      1.08%     87.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          2674696      2.46%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1595461      1.47%     91.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           731688      0.67%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1371702      1.26%     93.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           864798      0.79%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          6465125      5.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    108901801                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.071387                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.427081                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         10425377                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      86680547                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           5839417                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       5577717                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         378736                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       82352973                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         378736                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         12521320                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        49716454                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      6482606                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           9014788                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      30787890                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       80939548                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         65285                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        8037794                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         357765                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       20634632                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     90455330                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     184714543                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    118003962                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          136                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      77968646                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         12486669                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       176841                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       179137                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          34299256                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      7587611                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     10147366                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      2618235                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2232160                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           78867656                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       657289                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          82006708                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       172412                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7818269                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     12083837                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        62830                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    108901801                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.753034                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.475268                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     76816006     70.54%     70.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     12260159     11.26%     81.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      6439824      5.91%     87.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4658639      4.28%     91.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3492408      3.21%     95.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3217563      2.95%     98.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1482416      1.36%     99.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       339247      0.31%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       195539      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    108901801                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          181155     20.19%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         631755     70.39%     90.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         84561      9.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       273036      0.33%      0.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      59157398     72.14%     72.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        28107      0.03%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52350      0.06%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12480834     15.22%     87.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     10014983     12.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       82006708                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.727924                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              897471                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.010944                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    273985005                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     87350360                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     75866214                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           95                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          252                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           36                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       82631095                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              48                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      2379266                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1155176                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2671                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7551                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       519410                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1783                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5592254                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         378736                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         7126951                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      34294669                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     79524945                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        97373                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       7587611                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     10147366                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       648073                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         627037                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      33447945                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7551                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       179414                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       214297                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       393711                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      81429099                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      12331051                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       480425                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             22269236                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          6477216                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            9938185                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.722797                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               75946965                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              75866250                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          45900857                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          76024132                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.673419                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.603767                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8835020                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       594459                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       354753                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    107509508                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.657407                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.645300                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     84591258     78.68%     78.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      7981157      7.42%     86.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4373040      4.07%     90.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2458434      2.29%     92.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2643046      2.46%     94.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2084346      1.94%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       480910      0.45%     97.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       482950      0.45%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2414367      2.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    107509508                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     39725115                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       70677499                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               16060386                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               6432431                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5816                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            6095496                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          70303242                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       662761                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       159035      0.23%      0.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     54380330     76.94%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        26906      0.04%     77.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50842      0.07%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      6432431      9.10%     86.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      9627955     13.62%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     70677499                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       2414367                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            184533537                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           160423688                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   85300                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3756499                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              6827941                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            39725115                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              70677499                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       2.835946                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 2.835946                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.352616                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.352616                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        120169725                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        59121750                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                36                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          29748681                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         24623585                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        35404298                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         168859                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean              10645008500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            10645008500.000002                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-5.36871e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+09-5.90558e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.90558e+09-6.44245e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+09-6.97932e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.97932e+09-7.51619e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::7.51619e+09-8.05306e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-9.12681e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.12681e+09-9.66368e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.66368e+09-1.02005e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.02005e+10-1.07374e+10            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3408204                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        25.993113                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       23.214282                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       12.656490                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     3390830     99.49%     99.49% |       15166      0.44%     99.94% |        1432      0.04%     99.98% |         679      0.02%    100.00% |          91      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3408204                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       4039219                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        25.023882                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       22.987628                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        9.507579                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     2873581     71.14%     71.14% |     1165532     28.86%    100.00% |          88      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         4039219                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         25480                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.367622                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.889196                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.875198                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         783      3.07%      3.07% |        3496     13.72%     16.79% |       11496     45.12%     61.91% |        5133     20.15%     82.06% |        4146     16.27%     98.33% |         369      1.45%     99.78% |          51      0.20%     99.98% |           6      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           25480                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          6142487                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           29.361124                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           5.115449                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          83.216899                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     6128285     99.77%     99.77% |       11807      0.19%     99.96% |        1105      0.02%     99.98% |         547      0.01%     99.99% |         349      0.01%     99.99% |         270      0.00%    100.00% |          92      0.00%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            6142487                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      5338488                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000529                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000456                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.022998                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5335666     99.95%     99.95% |        2821      0.05%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        5338488                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       803999                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     204.393330                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    176.737835                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    132.878216                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      789797     98.23%     98.23% |       11807      1.47%     99.70% |        1105      0.14%     99.84% |         547      0.07%     99.91% |         349      0.04%     99.95% |         270      0.03%     99.98% |          92      0.01%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        803999                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          9695313                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean            7.820584                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.363106                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          31.600369                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     9506077     98.05%     98.05% |      166899      1.72%     99.77% |       19036      0.20%     99.97% |         333      0.00%     99.97% |        1287      0.01%     99.98% |        1489      0.02%    100.00% |         185      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            9695313                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      9407669                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000186                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000161                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.013653                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     9405918     99.98%     99.98% |        1750      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        9407669                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       287644                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     165.476262                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    140.872330                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev     89.682422                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |       98408     34.21%     34.21% |      166899     58.02%     92.23% |       19036      6.62%     98.85% |         333      0.12%     98.97% |        1287      0.45%     99.42% |        1489      0.52%     99.93% |         185      0.06%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        287644                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      4870382                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        5.091872                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.257016                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      15.733575                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     4856726     99.72%     99.72% |       11221      0.23%     99.95% |        2175      0.04%     99.99% |          45      0.00%    100.00% |          91      0.00%    100.00% |         108      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        4870382                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      4746092                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000459                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     4746091    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      4746092                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       124290                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    84.971309                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    75.161398                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    56.146449                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      110634     89.01%     89.01% |       11221      9.03%     98.04% |        2175      1.75%     99.79% |          45      0.04%     99.83% |          91      0.07%     99.90% |         108      0.09%     99.99% |          16      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       124290                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       156273                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      8.755575                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.647855                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    30.201566                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      154292     98.73%     98.73% |        1526      0.98%     99.71% |         395      0.25%     99.96% |          19      0.01%     99.97% |          19      0.01%     99.99% |          15      0.01%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       156273                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       147004                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000837                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000722                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.028914                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      146881     99.92%     99.92% |         123      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       147004                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples         9269                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   100.024274                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    80.747787                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    80.769724                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        7288     78.63%     78.63% |        1526     16.46%     95.09% |         395      4.26%     99.35% |          19      0.20%     99.56% |          19      0.20%     99.76% |          15      0.16%     99.92% |           7      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total         9269                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.364472                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.451551                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.669480                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         623     95.41%     95.41% |          20      3.06%     98.47% |           5      0.77%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           3      0.46%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         623    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    76.233333                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    63.468662                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    58.353668                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          20     66.67%     66.67% |           5     16.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           3     10.00%     93.33% |           1      3.33%     96.67% |           1      3.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        13458                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       590281                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        62710                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    17979                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    54674                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                     7408                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                   108966                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                     7443                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                        0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    54659                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                     7402                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                   108950                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                     7447                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   54607                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                    7411                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                  108566                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                    7445                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                   54617                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                    7409                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                  108874                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                    7442                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                   54628                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                    7402                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                  109135                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_hits                    7448                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_hits                   54655                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_hits                    8126                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_hits                  108529                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_hits                    7452                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_hits                   54716                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_hits                    6680                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_hits                  109083                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_hits                    7446                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_hits                   54722                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_hits                    7410                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_hits                  108783                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_hits                    7450                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                    453                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                    782                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                    144                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                    858                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                    109                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                    797                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                    150                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                    746                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                    105                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                   849                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                   141                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                   874                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                   107                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                   839                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                   143                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                   822                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                   110                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                   828                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                   150                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                   817                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_misses                   104                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_misses                   801                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_misses                   154                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_misses                   783                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_misses                   100                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_misses                   740                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_misses                   144                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_misses                   741                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_misses                   106                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_misses                   734                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_misses                   142                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_misses                   785                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_misses                   102                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                     5973                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                       72                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                       89                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                       73                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                       31                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                        0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                       91                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                       88                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                       23                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                       31                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                     105                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                      87                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                      68                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                      31                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                      90                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                      86                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                      29                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                      31                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                      92                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                      87                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                      68                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshrhits                      31                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshrhits                      87                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshrhits                      88                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshrhits                      34                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshrhits                      31                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshrhits                      88                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.mshrhits                      86                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.mshrhits                      70                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.mshrhits                      31                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.mshrhits                      84                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.mshrhits                      86                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.mshrhits                      68                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.mshrhits                      31                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                18432                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                 7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses               109824                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                 7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                 7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses               109696                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                 7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses              109440                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses              109696                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses              109952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_accesses                8280                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_accesses              109312                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_accesses                6824                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_accesses              109824                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_accesses              109568                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                  310512                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles            140034855299561                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles            140034855475951                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                  218042                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                  117971                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                30828992                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                31021274                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                31160042                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                31020674                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                30933833                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles               30827384                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles               31044353                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles               31210956                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles               31051190                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles               30945695                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles               30827384                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles               31022398                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles               31167122                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles               31030391                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles               30937229                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles               30827384                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles               31040952                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles               31203760                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles               31044510                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlbCycles               30944926                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlbCycles               30827384                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlbCycles               31025546                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlbCycles               31203424                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlbCycles               31033285                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlbCycles               30935932                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlbCycles               30827384                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlbCycles               31065539                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlbCycles               31217661                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlbCycles               31067699                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlbCycles               30969756                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlbCycles               30827384                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlbCycles               31044823                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlbCycles               31250424                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlbCycles               31055830                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlbCycles               30956821                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                    9216                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                    3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                  108672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                    6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                       0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                    3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                  108544                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                    6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                   3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                 108288                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                   3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                 108544                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                   3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                 108800                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_reads                   3672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_reads                 108160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_reads                   3240                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_reads                 108672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_reads                   3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_reads                 108416                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   9216                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                   4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                      0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                  4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                  4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_writes                  4608                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_writes                  3584                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_writes                  4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                 9076                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                53529                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                 3341                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits               107840                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                 6291                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                    0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                53507                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                 3336                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits               107805                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 6295                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               53464                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits                3339                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits              107432                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits                6293                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits               53466                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits                3337                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits              107739                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits                6290                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits               53477                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits                3336                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits              107989                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readhits                6296                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readhits               53518                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readhits                3546                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readhits              107379                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readhits                6300                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readhits               53564                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readhits                3126                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readhits              107933                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readhits                6294                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readhits               53570                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readhits                3339                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readhits              107651                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readhits                6298                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                140                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                775                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses                115                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses                832                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                109                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses                  0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses                797                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses                120                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses                739                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses                105                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses               840                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses               117                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses               856                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses               107                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses               838                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses               119                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses               805                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses               110                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses               827                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses               120                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses               811                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readmisses               104                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readmisses               786                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readmisses               126                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readmisses               781                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readmisses               100                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readmisses               740                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readmisses               114                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readmisses               739                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readmisses               106                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readmisses               734                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readmisses               117                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readmisses               765                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readmisses               102                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                8903                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                1145                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                4067                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                1126                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                4066                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits                1145                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits               1143                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               4072                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               1134                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits               1151                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits               4072                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits               1135                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits               1151                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               4066                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits               1146                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writehits               1137                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writehits               4580                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writehits               1150                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writehits               3554                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writehits               1150                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writehits               4071                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writehits               1132                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               313                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses                 7                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses                29                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses                26                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses                30                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses                 7                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses                9                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses               24                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses               18                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses                1                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses               24                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses               17                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses                1                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses               30                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses                6                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writemisses               15                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writemisses               28                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writemisses                2                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writemisses               30                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writemisses                2                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writemisses               25                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writemisses               20                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                        2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                        0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_jobs                      17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_jobs                      15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                 765412                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                8695764                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                1186311                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                8922248                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                 697919                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                      0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                8667302                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                1141476                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                9007607                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                 684395                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               8574709                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               1182384                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               8839689                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles                694397                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles               8590000                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles               1144895                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles               8855170                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles                677054                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles               8526988                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles               1176862                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               8774784                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.job_cycles                691279                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.job_cycles               8524537                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.job_cycles               1212734                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.job_cycles               8763272                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.job_cycles                668856                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.job_cycles               9095477                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.job_cycles               1163401                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.job_cycles               9314909                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.job_cycles                733003                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.job_cycles               8912861                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.job_cycles               1241761                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.job_cycles               9086418                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.job_cycles                711421                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                       0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_tasks                    408                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_tasks                    360                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles                623456                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               8611720                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               1129387                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               8835270                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles                672046                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles                     0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               8584738                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               1089231                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               8921931                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles                661074                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              8490400                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              1125842                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              8752803                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles               669034                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles              8507406                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles              1095118                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles              8769509                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles               653716                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles              8442953                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles              1119620                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              8687896                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_cycles               666673                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_cycles              8441881                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_cycles              1154926                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_cycles              8677756                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_cycles               645415                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_cycles              9008112                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_cycles              1104042                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_cycles              9224790                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_cycles               703205                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_cycles              8827315                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_cycles              1179450                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_cycles              8997805                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_cycles               684563                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             268248                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             569827                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             461751                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             577175                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles              93604                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             571142                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             411880                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             577117                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles              96983                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            574129                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            461626                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            578461                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles             93326                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles            572260                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles            420642                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles            576321                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles             92564                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles            570944                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles            455384                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles            580087                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_cycles             92460                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_cycles            571982                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_cycles            463129                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_cycles            577196                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_cycles             96207                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_cycles            575000                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_cycles            460016                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_cycles            577300                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_cycles             97783                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_cycles            572254                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_cycles            506573                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_cycles            578834                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_cycles             94184                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               957629                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               113309                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               116650                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               121635                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               101658                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles               105429                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles               108194                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles              112672                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles              117174                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles              120737                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles              101628                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles              105483                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles              108958                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles              113537                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles              116078                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_cycles              119700                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_cycles              102062                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_cycles              104869                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_cycles              110374                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_cycles              136330                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_cycles              141742                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_cycles              143641                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_cycles              124872                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_cycles              129430                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_cycles              132233                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time           623456                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          8611720                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          1129387                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          8835270                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time           672046                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          8584738                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          1089231                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          8921931                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time           661074                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         8490400                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         1125842                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         8752803                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time          669034                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time         8507406                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time         1095118                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time         8769509                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time          653716                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time         8442953                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time         1119620                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         8687896                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_action_time          666673                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_action_time         8441881                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_action_time         1154926                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_action_time         8677756                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_action_time          645415                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_action_time         9008112                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_action_time         1104042                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_action_time         9224790                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_action_time          703205                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_action_time         8827315                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_action_time         1179450                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_action_time         8997805                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_action_time          684563                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        263033                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        569827                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        461599                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        577175                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time         93308                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        571142                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        411470                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        577117                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time         96822                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       574129                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time       461626                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       578461                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time        93139                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time       572260                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time       420622                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time       576321                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time        92276                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time       570944                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time       455384                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time       580087                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_action_time        92268                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_action_time       571982                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_action_time       462886                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_action_time       577196                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_action_time        95926                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_action_time       575000                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_action_time       459997                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_action_time       577300                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_action_time        97635                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_action_time       572254                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_action_time       506522                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_action_time       578834                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_action_time        94046                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          624644                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          113309                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          116650                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          120738                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          101658                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time          105429                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time          107393                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time         112672                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time         117174                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time         119840                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time         101628                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time         105483                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time         108153                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time         113537                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time         116078                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_action_time         118808                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_action_time         102062                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_action_time         104869                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_action_time         109571                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_action_time         136330                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_action_time         141742                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_action_time         142563                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_action_time         124872                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_action_time         129430                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_action_time         131249                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time             765155                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            8626020                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            1129387                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            8850431                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time             687200                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time                  0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            8597558                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            1089231                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            8935785                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time             674766                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           8504965                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           1125842                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           8767872                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time            683976                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time           8520256                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time           1095118                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time           8783358                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time            667423                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time           8457244                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time           1119620                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           8702952                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.rw_action_time            681592                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.rw_action_time           8454793                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.rw_action_time           1154926                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.rw_action_time           8691465                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.rw_action_time            659199                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.rw_action_time           9025733                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.rw_action_time           1104042                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.rw_action_time           9243097                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.rw_action_time            721350                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.rw_action_time           8843117                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.rw_action_time           1179450                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.rw_action_time           9014591                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.rw_action_time            701193                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles               639                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles              2124                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles              1031                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles              1233                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles               646                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles             2191                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles             1032                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles             2184                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles              963                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles             2129                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_busy_cycles             1122                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_busy_cycles             2064                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_busy_cycles              992                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_busy_cycles             2267                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_busy_cycles             1182                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_busy_cycles             2087                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_busy_cycles             1235                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles          98297946                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles          98696733                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         103182340                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         104041529                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         108677984                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles          98696729                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         103182336                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         104041525                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         108677980                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles         98696735                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        103182342                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        104041531                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        108677986                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles         98696731                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles        103182338                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles        104041527                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles        108677982                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles         98696740                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles        103182347                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles        104041536                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_idle_cycles        108677991                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_idle_cycles         98696736                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_idle_cycles        103182343                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_idle_cycles        104041532                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_idle_cycles        108677987                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_idle_cycles         98696752                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_idle_cycles        103182359                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_idle_cycles        104041548                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_idle_cycles        108678003                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_idle_cycles         98696748                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_idle_cycles        103182355                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_idle_cycles        104041544                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_idle_cycles        108677999                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles         11090517                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles         15149732                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles         11265211                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles         14903399                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles         10783258                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles         15133804                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles         11272236                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles         14882505                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles         10775502                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles        15103827                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles        11262302                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles        14860366                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles        10782661                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles        15100642                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles        11270753                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles        14849548                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles        10774926                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles        15066673                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles        11267967                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles        14811665                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_stall_cycles        10781998                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_stall_cycles        15069807                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_stall_cycles        11255468                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_stall_cycles        14811046                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_stall_cycles        10769264                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_stall_cycles        15372390                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_stall_cycles        11278971                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_stall_cycles        15106300                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_stall_cycles        10800845                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_stall_cycles        15254279                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_stall_cycles        11273194                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_stall_cycles        15001698                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_stall_cycles        10792419                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               260                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               719                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               105                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               785                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0                78                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0                 0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               717                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               111                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               723                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0                74                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              763                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0              102                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              806                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0               76                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0              761                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0              104                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0              793                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0               79                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0              743                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0              111                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0              749                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_0               73                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_0              728                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_0              115                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_0              749                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_0               69                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_0              664                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_0              105                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_0              671                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_0               75                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_0              659                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_0              103                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_0              717                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_0               71                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              3123                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              1136                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              4017                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              1126                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1                 0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              1141                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              4017                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1              1145                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             1124                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             4024                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             1134                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1             1139                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1             4025                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1             1135                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1             1144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1             4018                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1             1146                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_1             1123                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_1             4531                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_1             1150                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_1             1140                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_1             3507                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_1             1150                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_1             1143                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_1             4024                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_1             1132                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              3083                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2             38976                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              3037                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2             47649                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              2549                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2                 0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2             39082                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              3033                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2             48929                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              2612                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2            38914                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             3032                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2            47421                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             2547                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2            39151                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2             3031                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2            48856                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             2608                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2            39054                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2             3029                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2            47671                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_2             2548                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_2            39126                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_2             3231                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_2            48497                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_2             2613                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_2            38658                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_2             2838                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_2            44723                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_2             2424                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_2            38736                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_2             3036                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_2            45338                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_2             2548                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles             305                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles             111                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles             672                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles             325                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles             243                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles            1061                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles             668                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles             115                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles            719                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles            148                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles            676                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles            288                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles            263                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles            147                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles            667                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles            355                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles            239                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles            113                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles            674                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshr_stall_cycles            210                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshr_stall_cycles            186                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshr_stall_cycles            246                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshr_stall_cycles            663                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshr_stall_cycles            338                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshr_stall_cycles            463                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.mshr_stall_cycles            117                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.mshr_stall_cycles            681                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.mshr_stall_cycles            216                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.mshr_stall_cycles            313                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.mshr_stall_cycles            239                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.mshr_stall_cycles            678                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.mshr_stall_cycles            162                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      219264     25.25%     25.25% |      216425     24.92%     50.18% |      216436     24.93%     75.10% |      216202     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       868327                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       56726     25.90%     25.90% |       54109     24.70%     50.60% |       54124     24.71%     75.31% |       54069     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       219028                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      219291     25.25%     25.25% |      216425     24.92%     50.18% |      216436     24.92%     75.10% |      216201     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       868353                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       62622     25.81%     25.81% |       60011     24.73%     50.54% |       60030     24.74%     75.28% |       59976     24.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       242639                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           82                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6096     25.00%     25.00% |        6096     25.00%     50.00% |        6096     25.00%     75.00% |        6096     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24384                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      154346     25.03%     25.03% |      154124     25.00%     50.03% |      154120     25.00%     75.03% |      153941     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       616531                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      219264     25.25%     25.25% |      216425     24.92%     50.18% |      216436     24.93%     75.10% |      216202     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       868327                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5896     24.97%     24.97% |        5902     25.00%     49.97% |        5906     25.01%     74.98% |        5907     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23611                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5896     24.97%     24.97% |        5902     25.00%     49.97% |        5906     25.01%     74.98% |        5907     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23611                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       56471     25.88%     25.88% |       53915     24.71%     50.59% |       53934     24.72%     75.31% |       53880     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       218200                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          773                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      154346     25.03%     25.03% |      154124     25.00%     50.03% |      154120     25.00%     75.03% |      153941     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       616531                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      219264     25.25%     25.25% |      216425     24.92%     50.18% |      216436     24.93%     75.10% |      216201     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       868326                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       56471     25.88%     25.88% |       53915     24.71%     50.59% |       53934     24.72%     75.31% |       53880     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       218200                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          773                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          773                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24384                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     4754283     77.39%     77.39% |          76      0.00%     77.39% |      181859      2.96%     80.35% |      172515      2.81%     83.16% |      172259      2.80%     85.96% |      172515      2.81%     88.77% |      172771      2.81%     91.58% |      172347      2.81%     94.39% |      172427      2.81%     97.19% |      172387      2.81%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      6143439                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     4870448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      4870448                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     9785316     99.30%     99.30% |           0      0.00%     99.30% |       16643      0.17%     99.47% |        7489      0.08%     99.54% |        7489      0.08%     99.62% |        7489      0.08%     99.70% |        7489      0.08%     99.77% |        8001      0.08%     99.85% |        6977      0.07%     99.92% |        7489      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      9854382                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       15732     73.05%     73.05% |          71      0.33%     73.38% |        2320     10.77%     84.15% |         492      2.28%     86.43% |         495      2.30%     88.73% |         481      2.23%     90.96% |         481      2.23%     93.20% |         516      2.40%     95.59% |         452      2.10%     97.69% |         497      2.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        21537                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      561709     46.15%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |       96180      7.90%     54.06% |       79878      6.56%     60.62% |       79863      6.56%     67.18% |       79862      6.56%     73.74% |       79861      6.56%     80.31% |       80087      6.58%     86.89% |       79708      6.55%     93.44% |       79878      6.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1217026                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7      0.71%      0.71% |         134     13.56%     14.27% |         136     13.77%     28.04% |         134     13.56%     41.60% |         134     13.56%     55.16% |         142     14.37%     69.53% |         165     16.70%     86.23% |         136     13.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total          988                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          14      0.47%      0.47% |           3      0.10%      0.58% |          78      2.64%      3.21% |         405     13.71%     16.92% |         420     14.21%     31.13% |         407     13.77%     44.91% |         403     13.64%     58.54% |         435     14.72%     73.27% |         373     12.62%     85.89% |         417     14.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         2955                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          64     86.49%     86.49% |           0      0.00%     86.49% |           0      0.00%     86.49% |           0      0.00%     86.49% |           0      0.00%     86.49% |           5      6.76%     93.24% |           4      5.41%     98.65% |           1      1.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total           74                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      154479     19.35%     19.35% |          63      0.01%     19.36% |       85682     10.73%     30.09% |       79717      9.99%     40.08% |       79727      9.99%     50.07% |       79732      9.99%     60.05% |       79726      9.99%     70.04% |       79909     10.01%     80.05% |       79530      9.96%     90.01% |       79725      9.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       798290                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           1      0.03%      0.03% |          13      0.44%      0.47% |        2271     76.85%     77.33% |         101      3.42%     80.74% |          94      3.18%     83.93% |          92      3.11%     87.04% |          89      3.01%     90.05% |         105      3.55%     93.60% |          98      3.32%     96.92% |          91      3.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total         2955                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      411007     96.99%     96.99% |           0      0.00%     96.99% |        8687      2.05%     99.04% |         584      0.14%     99.18% |         566      0.13%     99.31% |         562      0.13%     99.44% |         570      0.13%     99.58% |         594      0.14%     99.72% |         601      0.14%     99.86% |         587      0.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       423758                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          70     37.23%     37.23% |          16      8.51%     45.74% |          16      8.51%     54.26% |          16      8.51%     62.77% |          16      8.51%     71.28% |          19     10.11%     81.38% |          19     10.11%     91.49% |          16      8.51%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total          188                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          21      9.17%      9.17% |           0      0.00%      9.17% |          80     34.93%     44.10% |          16      6.99%     51.09% |          16      6.99%     58.08% |          16      6.99%     65.07% |          16      6.99%     72.05% |          24     10.48%     82.53% |          23     10.04%     92.58% |          17      7.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total          229                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      438218     40.40%     40.40% |           0      0.00%     40.40% |       93594      8.63%     49.02% |       78998      7.28%     56.31% |       78989      7.28%     63.59% |       79002      7.28%     70.87% |       79000      7.28%     78.15% |       79181      7.30%     85.45% |       78800      7.26%     92.72% |       79001      7.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1084783                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      153619     19.14%     19.14% |          38      0.00%     19.15% |       88204     10.99%     30.14% |       80079      9.98%     40.12% |       80066      9.98%     50.10% |       80072      9.98%     60.08% |       80071      9.98%     70.06% |       80264     10.00%     80.06% |       79924      9.96%     90.02% |       80072      9.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       802409                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122936                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      286062     96.41%     96.41% |           0      0.00%     96.41% |        8488      2.86%     99.27% |         311      0.10%     99.37% |         309      0.10%     99.48% |         302      0.10%     99.58% |         302      0.10%     99.68% |         335      0.11%     99.79% |         296      0.10%     99.89% |         318      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       296723                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11273     67.25%     67.25% |           0      0.00%     67.25% |        2295     13.69%     80.94% |         459      2.74%     83.68% |         463      2.76%     86.44% |         452      2.70%     89.14% |         453      2.70%     91.84% |         483      2.88%     94.72% |         420      2.51%     97.23% |         465      2.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        16763                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        1457     91.58%     91.58% |          38      2.39%     93.97% |          12      0.75%     94.72% |          12      0.75%     95.47% |          12      0.75%     96.23% |          12      0.75%     96.98% |          12      0.75%     97.74% |          12      0.75%     98.49% |          12      0.75%     99.25% |          12      0.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         1591                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        1356    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         1356                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          60     92.31%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           2      3.08%     95.38% |           1      1.54%     96.92% |           2      3.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           65                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         826     42.73%     42.73% |           0      0.00%     42.73% |          17      0.88%     43.61% |         152      7.86%     51.47% |         153      7.92%     59.39% |         148      7.66%     67.05% |         147      7.60%     74.65% |         158      8.17%     82.82% |         181      9.36%     92.19% |         151      7.81%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1933                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       12245      1.72%      1.72% |           0      0.00%      1.72% |       87823     12.35%     14.07% |       87458     12.30%     26.37% |       87181     12.26%     38.63% |       87054     12.24%     50.87% |       87723     12.34%     63.21% |       87088     12.25%     75.46% |       87174     12.26%     87.72% |       87339     12.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       711085                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     4746092    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      4746092                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          21     13.55%     13.55% |           0      0.00%     13.55% |          16     10.32%     23.87% |          16     10.32%     34.19% |          16     10.32%     44.52% |          16     10.32%     54.84% |          16     10.32%     65.16% |          19     12.26%     77.42% |          19     12.26%     89.68% |          16     10.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total          155                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        2216     89.57%     89.57% |          14      0.57%     90.14% |          25      1.01%     91.15% |          33      1.33%     92.48% |          32      1.29%     93.78% |          29      1.17%     94.95% |          28      1.13%     96.08% |          33      1.33%     97.41% |          32      1.29%     98.71% |          32      1.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         2474                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122549     94.13%     94.13% |           0      0.00%     94.13% |        2569      1.97%     96.10% |         728      0.56%     96.66% |         721      0.55%     97.21% |         712      0.55%     97.76% |         714      0.55%     98.31% |         748      0.57%     98.88% |         727      0.56%     99.44% |         726      0.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       130194                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1596006     97.58%     97.58% |           0      0.00%     97.58% |        5595      0.34%     97.92% |        4741      0.29%     98.21% |        4776      0.29%     98.50% |        5152      0.31%     98.82% |        4740      0.29%     99.11% |        4758      0.29%     99.40% |        5092      0.31%     99.71% |        4740      0.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1635600                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       25202     50.73%     50.73% |           0      0.00%     50.73% |        3074      6.19%     56.92% |        3058      6.16%     63.08% |        3059      6.16%     69.24% |        3066      6.17%     75.41% |        3066      6.17%     81.58% |        3062      6.16%     87.74% |        3038      6.12%     93.86% |        3050      6.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        49675                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1943     97.15%     97.15% |          57      2.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         2000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      127215     17.10%     17.10% |           0      0.00%     17.10% |       82418     11.08%     28.18% |       76334     10.26%     38.44% |       76329     10.26%     48.70% |       76339     10.26%     58.97% |       76337     10.26%     69.23% |       76497     10.28%     79.51% |       76072     10.23%     89.74% |       76339     10.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       743880                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         126     13.77%     13.77% |         127     13.88%     27.65% |         126     13.77%     41.42% |         126     13.77%     55.19% |         126     13.77%     68.96% |         158     17.27%     86.23% |         126     13.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total          915                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           1      0.16%      0.16% |           3      0.48%      0.64% |          64     10.21%     10.85% |          73     11.64%     22.49% |          86     13.72%     36.20% |          75     11.96%     48.17% |          71     11.32%     59.49% |          98     15.63%     75.12% |          72     11.48%     86.60% |          84     13.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total          627                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2990005     99.94%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |         225      0.01%     99.95% |         225      0.01%     99.95% |         224      0.01%     99.96% |         225      0.01%     99.97% |         225      0.01%     99.98% |         225      0.01%     99.98% |         225      0.01%     99.99% |         224      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2991803                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     9472481     99.64%     99.64% |           0      0.00%     99.64% |        5065      0.05%     99.70% |        4104      0.04%     99.74% |        4105      0.04%     99.78% |        4105      0.04%     99.83% |        4105      0.04%     99.87% |        4583      0.05%     99.92% |        3623      0.04%     99.96% |        4103      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      9506274                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         300    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          300                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      311003     91.23%     91.23% |           0      0.00%     91.23% |       11176      3.28%     94.51% |        2664      0.78%     95.29% |        2660      0.78%     96.07% |        2663      0.78%     96.85% |        2663      0.78%     97.63% |        2684      0.79%     98.42% |        2728      0.80%     99.22% |        2662      0.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       340903                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7      9.59%      9.59% |           8     10.96%     20.55% |           9     12.33%     32.88% |           8     10.96%     43.84% |           8     10.96%     54.79% |          16     21.92%     76.71% |           7      9.59%     86.30% |          10     13.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           73                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          13      0.56%      0.56% |           0      0.00%      0.56% |          14      0.60%      1.16% |         332     14.26%     15.42% |         334     14.35%     29.77% |         332     14.26%     44.03% |         332     14.26%     58.29% |         337     14.48%     72.77% |         301     12.93%     85.70% |         333     14.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         2328                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         103    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          103                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      154479     19.35%     19.35% |          63      0.01%     19.36% |       85682     10.73%     30.09% |       79717      9.99%     40.08% |       79727      9.99%     50.07% |       79732      9.99%     60.05% |       79726      9.99%     70.04% |       79909     10.01%     80.05% |       79530      9.96%     90.01% |       79725      9.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       798290                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           1      0.03%      0.03% |          13      0.44%      0.47% |        2271     76.85%     77.33% |         101      3.42%     80.74% |          94      3.18%     83.93% |          92      3.11%     87.04% |          89      3.01%     90.05% |         105      3.55%     93.60% |          98      3.32%     96.92% |          91      3.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total         2955                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      124885     98.30%     98.30% |           0      0.00%     98.30% |         263      0.21%     98.51% |         273      0.21%     98.72% |         257      0.20%     98.92% |         260      0.20%     99.13% |         268      0.21%     99.34% |         262      0.21%     99.55% |         308      0.24%     99.79% |         268      0.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       127044                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          13    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           13                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          64     86.49%     86.49% |           0      0.00%     86.49% |           0      0.00%     86.49% |           0      0.00%     86.49% |           0      0.00%     86.49% |           5      6.76%     93.24% |           4      5.41%     98.65% |           1      1.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total           74                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      286122     96.43%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |        8424      2.84%     99.27% |         311      0.10%     99.37% |         309      0.10%     99.48% |         302      0.10%     99.58% |         302      0.10%     99.68% |         332      0.11%     99.79% |         293      0.10%     99.89% |         319      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       296714                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          70     37.23%     37.23% |          16      8.51%     45.74% |          16      8.51%     54.26% |          16      8.51%     62.77% |          16      8.51%     71.28% |          19     10.11%     81.38% |          19     10.11%     91.49% |          16      8.51%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total          188                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          21      9.17%      9.17% |           0      0.00%      9.17% |          80     34.93%     44.10% |          16      6.99%     51.09% |          16      6.99%     58.08% |          16      6.99%     65.07% |          16      6.99%     72.05% |          24     10.48%     82.53% |          23     10.04%     92.58% |          17      7.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total          229                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |         951    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total          951                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          64    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           64                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        1490    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         1490                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      438218     40.40%     40.40% |           0      0.00%     40.40% |       93594      8.63%     49.02% |       78998      7.28%     56.31% |       78989      7.28%     63.59% |       79002      7.28%     70.87% |       79000      7.28%     78.15% |       79181      7.30%     85.45% |       78800      7.26%     92.72% |       79001      7.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1084783                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3861      3.11%      3.11% |        3787      3.05%      6.15% |        3488      2.81%      8.96% |        3501      2.82%     11.77% |        3593      2.89%     14.66% |        3975      3.20%     17.86% |        3756      3.02%     20.88% |        3269      2.63%     23.51% |        3533      2.84%     26.35% |        5157      4.15%     30.50% |        3913      3.15%     33.65% |        3824      3.08%     36.72% |        3493      2.81%     39.53% |        4353      3.50%     43.03% |        3904      3.14%     46.17% |        3753      3.02%     49.19% |        4171      3.35%     52.55% |        4189      3.37%     55.92% |        3560      2.86%     58.78% |        3268      2.63%     61.41% |        3095      2.49%     63.90% |        3725      3.00%     66.89% |        3544      2.85%     69.75% |        3417      2.75%     72.49% |        3650      2.94%     75.43% |        3755      3.02%     78.45% |        3293      2.65%     81.10% |        4745      3.82%     84.91% |        3965      3.19%     88.10% |        5250      4.22%     92.33% |        5076      4.08%     96.41% |        4464      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       124327                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       65001      8.08%      8.08% |       24836      3.09%     11.17% |       23705      2.95%     14.12% |       24440      3.04%     17.16% |       23815      2.96%     20.12% |       23534      2.93%     23.05% |       23089      2.87%     25.92% |       23136      2.88%     28.80% |       24585      3.06%     31.86% |       23666      2.94%     34.80% |       25084      3.12%     37.92% |       24510      3.05%     40.97% |       23551      2.93%     43.90% |       23281      2.90%     46.79% |       22842      2.84%     49.63% |       23174      2.88%     52.52% |       25145      3.13%     55.64% |       23717      2.95%     58.59% |       23912      2.97%     61.57% |       23903      2.97%     64.54% |       23672      2.94%     67.48% |       23622      2.94%     70.42% |       23530      2.93%     73.35% |       23266      2.89%     76.24% |       24409      3.04%     79.28% |       23619      2.94%     82.22% |       23355      2.90%     85.12% |       22900      2.85%     87.97% |       23521      2.93%     90.89% |       23069      2.87%     93.76% |       23845      2.97%     96.73% |       26298      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       804032                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       14717      4.96%      4.96% |        8837      2.98%      7.94% |        9239      3.11%     11.05% |        8681      2.92%     13.97% |        9395      3.17%     17.14% |        8832      2.98%     20.11% |        8951      3.02%     23.13% |        8610      2.90%     26.03% |        9445      3.18%     29.21% |        8760      2.95%     32.16% |        9305      3.14%     35.30% |        8687      2.93%     38.23% |        9222      3.11%     41.33% |        8534      2.88%     44.21% |        9045      3.05%     47.26% |        8580      2.89%     50.15% |        9207      3.10%     53.25% |        8631      2.91%     56.16% |        9344      3.15%     59.30% |        8877      2.99%     62.30% |        9432      3.18%     65.47% |        8938      3.01%     68.48% |        9566      3.22%     71.71% |        8814      2.97%     74.68% |        9313      3.14%     77.82% |        8795      2.96%     80.78% |        9561      3.22%     84.00% |        8997      3.03%     87.03% |        9722      3.28%     90.31% |        8908      3.00%     93.31% |       10510      3.54%     96.85% |        9354      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       296809                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |         136     87.74%     87.74% |           0      0.00%     87.74% |           1      0.65%     88.39% |           1      0.65%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           2      1.29%     90.32% |           1      0.65%     90.97% |           0      0.00%     90.97% |           0      0.00%     90.97% |           7      4.52%     95.48% |           1      0.65%     96.13% |           0      0.00%     96.13% |           0      0.00%     96.13% |           0      0.00%     96.13% |           0      0.00%     96.13% |           0      0.00%     96.13% |           0      0.00%     96.13% |           1      0.65%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           2      1.29%     98.06% |           1      0.65%     98.71% |           1      0.65%     99.35% |           1      0.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total          155                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       76690      7.07%      7.07% |       33081      3.05%     10.12% |       32373      2.98%     13.10% |       32556      3.00%     16.10% |       32798      3.02%     19.13% |       31712      2.92%     22.05% |       31670      2.92%     24.97% |       31377      2.89%     27.86% |       33639      3.10%     30.96% |       32062      2.96%     33.92% |       33982      3.13%     37.05% |       32830      3.03%     40.08% |       32402      2.99%     43.07% |       31448      2.90%     45.96% |       31481      2.90%     48.87% |       31381      2.89%     51.76% |       33977      3.13%     54.89% |       31813      2.93%     57.82% |       32683      3.01%     60.84% |       32252      2.97%     63.81% |       32740      3.02%     66.83% |       32186      2.97%     69.80% |       32721      3.02%     72.81% |       31714      2.92%     75.74% |       33355      3.07%     78.81% |       32049      2.95%     81.76% |       32559      3.00%     84.77% |       31529      2.91%     87.67% |       32879      3.03%     90.70% |       31617      2.91%     93.62% |       33985      3.13%     96.75% |       35242      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1084783                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        9273      4.25%      4.25% |        6727      3.09%      7.34% |        6744      3.09%     10.43% |        6733      3.09%     13.52% |        6714      3.08%     16.60% |        6726      3.09%     19.69% |        6735      3.09%     22.78% |        6725      3.08%     25.86% |        6742      3.09%     28.95% |        6742      3.09%     32.05% |        6747      3.10%     35.14% |        6744      3.09%     38.24% |        6728      3.09%     41.32% |        6732      3.09%     44.41% |        6728      3.09%     47.50% |        6729      3.09%     50.58% |        6753      3.10%     53.68% |        6727      3.09%     56.77% |        6744      3.09%     59.86% |        6732      3.09%     62.95% |        6730      3.09%     66.04% |        6750      3.10%     69.13% |        6736      3.09%     72.22% |        6733      3.09%     75.31% |        6739      3.09%     78.40% |        6735      3.09%     81.49% |        6734      3.09%     84.58% |        6727      3.09%     87.67% |        6734      3.09%     90.76% |        6718      3.08%     93.84% |        6717      3.08%     96.92% |        6716      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       217994                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       19498      3.16%      3.16% |       19290      3.13%      6.29% |       19344      3.14%      9.43% |       19277      3.13%     12.55% |       19298      3.13%     15.68% |       19256      3.12%     18.80% |       19236      3.12%     21.92% |       19248      3.12%     25.04% |       19263      3.12%     28.17% |       19287      3.13%     31.29% |       19323      3.13%     34.43% |       19256      3.12%     37.55% |       19305      3.13%     40.68% |       19284      3.13%     43.81% |       19272      3.12%     46.93% |       19245      3.12%     50.05% |       19265      3.12%     53.17% |       19293      3.13%     56.30% |       19249      3.12%     59.42% |       19217      3.12%     62.54% |       19240      3.12%     65.66% |       19229      3.12%     68.78% |       19231      3.12%     71.90% |       19226      3.12%     75.01% |       19286      3.13%     78.14% |       19290      3.13%     81.27% |       19269      3.12%     84.39% |       19228      3.12%     87.51% |       19249      3.12%     90.63% |       19253      3.12%     93.75% |       19245      3.12%     96.87% |       19285      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       616737                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       29887      3.44%      3.44% |       27067      3.12%      6.56% |       27135      3.12%      9.68% |       27058      3.12%     12.80% |       27059      3.12%     15.92% |       27029      3.11%     19.03% |       27019      3.11%     22.14% |       27021      3.11%     25.25% |       27053      3.12%     28.37% |       27077      3.12%     31.49% |       27117      3.12%     34.61% |       27048      3.11%     37.72% |       27080      3.12%     40.84% |       27063      3.12%     43.96% |       27047      3.11%     47.07% |       27021      3.11%     50.19% |       27065      3.12%     53.30% |       27068      3.12%     56.42% |       27041      3.11%     59.53% |       26997      3.11%     62.64% |       27018      3.11%     65.76% |       27028      3.11%     68.87% |       27015      3.11%     71.98% |       27006      3.11%     75.09% |       27072      3.12%     78.21% |       27074      3.12%     81.32% |       27052      3.12%     84.44% |       27001      3.11%     87.55% |       27030      3.11%     90.66% |       27019      3.11%     93.77% |       27010      3.11%     96.88% |       27049      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       868326                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       28863      3.45%      3.45% |       26043      3.12%      6.57% |       26111      3.12%      9.70% |       26034      3.12%     12.81% |       26035      3.12%     15.93% |       26005      3.11%     19.04% |       25995      3.11%     22.15% |       25997      3.11%     25.26% |       26029      3.12%     28.38% |       26053      3.12%     31.50% |       26093      3.12%     34.62% |       26024      3.11%     37.73% |       26056      3.12%     40.85% |       26039      3.12%     43.97% |       26023      3.11%     47.08% |       25997      3.11%     50.19% |       26041      3.12%     53.31% |       26044      3.12%     56.43% |       26017      3.11%     59.54% |       25973      3.11%     62.65% |       25994      3.11%     65.76% |       26004      3.11%     68.87% |       25991      3.11%     71.98% |       25982      3.11%     75.09% |       26048      3.12%     78.21% |       26050      3.12%     81.33% |       26028      3.12%     84.44% |       25977      3.11%     87.55% |       26006      3.11%     90.66% |       25995      3.11%     93.78% |       25986      3.11%     96.89% |       26025      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       835558                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |         237      9.02%      9.02% |          78      2.97%     11.99% |          84      3.20%     15.18% |          84      3.20%     18.38% |          95      3.61%     21.99% |          92      3.50%     25.49% |          72      2.74%     28.23% |          76      2.89%     31.13% |          80      3.04%     34.17% |          74      2.82%     36.99% |          78      2.97%     39.95% |          73      2.78%     42.73% |          78      2.97%     45.70% |          70      2.66%     48.36% |          72      2.74%     51.10% |          70      2.66%     53.77% |          71      2.70%     56.47% |          75      2.85%     59.32% |          77      2.93%     62.25% |          74      2.82%     65.07% |          71      2.70%     67.77% |          77      2.93%     70.70% |          74      2.82%     73.52% |          73      2.78%     76.29% |          74      2.82%     79.11% |          78      2.97%     82.08% |          78      2.97%     85.05% |          79      3.01%     88.05% |          80      3.04%     91.10% |          78      2.97%     94.06% |          85      3.23%     97.30% |          71      2.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total         2628                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |         607     96.81%     96.81% |           4      0.64%     97.45% |           3      0.48%     97.93% |           3      0.48%     98.41% |           0      0.00%     98.41% |           0      0.00%     98.41% |           0      0.00%     98.41% |           0      0.00%     98.41% |           0      0.00%     98.41% |           0      0.00%     98.41% |           0      0.00%     98.41% |           0      0.00%     98.41% |           0      0.00%     98.41% |           0      0.00%     98.41% |           1      0.16%     98.56% |           0      0.00%     98.56% |           1      0.16%     98.72% |           3      0.48%     99.20% |           3      0.48%     99.68% |           2      0.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total          627                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |         516     18.32%     18.32% |          94      3.34%     21.65% |          90      3.19%     24.85% |          90      3.19%     28.04% |          69      2.45%     30.49% |          69      2.45%     32.94% |          69      2.45%     35.39% |          69      2.45%     37.84% |          69      2.45%     40.29% |          69      2.45%     42.74% |          69      2.45%     45.19% |          69      2.45%     47.64% |          72      2.56%     50.20% |          69      2.45%     52.64% |          70      2.48%     55.13% |          69      2.45%     57.58% |          69      2.45%     60.03% |          97      3.44%     63.47% |          98      3.48%     66.95% |          98      3.48%     70.43% |          69      2.45%     72.88% |          69      2.45%     75.33% |          71      2.52%     77.85% |          69      2.45%     80.30% |          69      2.45%     82.75% |          70      2.48%     85.23% |          69      2.45%     87.68% |          69      2.45%     90.13% |          71      2.52%     92.65% |          69      2.45%     95.10% |          69      2.45%     97.55% |          69      2.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total         2817                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        1073      5.91%      5.91% |         529      2.91%      8.82% |         544      3.00%     11.82% |         528      2.91%     14.73% |         544      3.00%     17.72% |         536      2.95%     20.67% |         524      2.89%     23.56% |         538      2.96%     26.52% |         549      3.02%     29.55% |         539      2.97%     32.51% |         581      3.20%     35.71% |         559      3.08%     38.79% |         587      3.23%     42.03% |         580      3.19%     45.22% |         563      3.10%     48.32% |         562      3.10%     51.42% |         574      3.16%     54.58% |         584      3.22%     57.79% |         546      3.01%     60.80% |         526      2.90%     63.70% |         535      2.95%     66.64% |         544      3.00%     69.64% |         531      2.92%     72.56% |         537      2.96%     75.52% |         566      3.12%     78.64% |         564      3.11%     81.74% |         557      3.07%     84.81% |         544      3.00%     87.81% |         537      2.96%     90.76% |         554      3.05%     93.82% |         544      3.00%     96.81% |         579      3.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        18158                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |         783     26.50%     26.50% |          75      2.54%     29.04% |          72      2.44%     31.47% |          72      2.44%     33.91% |          69      2.34%     36.24% |          69      2.34%     38.58% |          69      2.34%     40.91% |          69      2.34%     43.25% |          69      2.34%     45.58% |          69      2.34%     47.92% |          69      2.34%     50.25% |          69      2.34%     52.59% |          73      2.47%     55.06% |          69      2.34%     57.39% |          70      2.37%     59.76% |          69      2.34%     62.10% |          70      2.37%     64.47% |          72      2.44%     66.90% |          73      2.47%     69.37% |          72      2.44%     71.81% |          69      2.34%     74.15% |          69      2.34%     76.48% |          71      2.40%     78.88% |          69      2.34%     81.22% |          69      2.34%     83.55% |          70      2.37%     85.92% |          69      2.34%     88.26% |          69      2.34%     90.59% |          71      2.40%     92.99% |          69      2.34%     95.33% |          69      2.34%     97.66% |          69      2.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total         2955                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       77855      7.11%      7.11% |       33393      3.05%     10.16% |       32687      2.98%     13.14% |       32859      3.00%     16.14% |       33108      3.02%     19.17% |       32033      2.92%     22.09% |       31957      2.92%     25.01% |       31672      2.89%     27.90% |       33958      3.10%     31.00% |       32356      2.95%     33.95% |       34303      3.13%     37.09% |       33124      3.02%     40.11% |       32699      2.99%     43.10% |       31745      2.90%     45.99% |       31780      2.90%     48.90% |       31670      2.89%     51.79% |       34273      3.13%     54.92% |       32114      2.93%     57.85% |       32975      3.01%     60.86% |       32543      2.97%     63.83% |       33034      3.02%     66.85% |       32476      2.97%     69.81% |       33015      3.01%     72.83% |       32009      2.92%     75.75% |       33648      3.07%     78.82% |       32343      2.95%     81.78% |       32846      3.00%     84.77% |       31820      2.91%     87.68% |       33171      3.03%     90.71% |       31907      2.91%     93.62% |       34284      3.13%     96.75% |       35576      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1095233                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.11%     11.11% |          52      3.14%     14.25% |          46      2.78%     17.03% |          48      2.90%     19.93% |          46      2.78%     22.71% |          46      2.78%     25.48% |          48      2.90%     28.38% |          48      2.90%     31.28% |          48      2.90%     34.18% |          48      2.90%     37.08% |          46      2.78%     39.86% |          48      2.90%     42.75% |          46      2.78%     45.53% |          46      2.78%     48.31% |          46      2.78%     51.09% |          46      2.78%     53.86% |          46      2.78%     56.64% |          48      2.90%     59.54% |          48      2.90%     62.44% |          48      2.90%     65.34% |          48      2.90%     68.24% |          50      3.02%     71.26% |          48      2.90%     74.15% |          46      2.78%     76.93% |          46      2.78%     79.71% |          50      3.02%     82.73% |          50      3.02%     85.75% |          46      2.78%     88.53% |          46      2.78%     91.30% |          48      2.90%     94.20% |          48      2.90%     97.10% |          48      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1656                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         434      3.21%      3.21% |         386      2.85%      6.06% |         412      3.04%      9.10% |         403      2.98%     12.08% |         422      3.12%     15.19% |         398      2.94%     18.13% |         400      2.95%     21.09% |         417      3.08%     24.17% |         407      3.01%     27.17% |         414      3.06%     30.23% |         432      3.19%     33.42% |         428      3.16%     36.58% |         461      3.40%     39.99% |         449      3.32%     43.30% |         431      3.18%     46.48% |         439      3.24%     49.73% |         444      3.28%     53.01% |         450      3.32%     56.33% |         421      3.11%     59.44% |         397      2.93%     62.37% |         404      2.98%     65.35% |         425      3.14%     68.49% |         406      3.00%     71.49% |         413      3.05%     74.54% |         441      3.26%     77.80% |         443      3.27%     81.07% |         445      3.29%     84.36% |         423      3.12%     87.48% |         415      3.06%     90.55% |         436      3.22%     93.77% |         429      3.17%     96.94% |         415      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        13540                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       23444      3.53%      3.53% |       20748      3.12%      6.65% |       20782      3.13%      9.78% |       20705      3.12%     12.89% |       20687      3.11%     16.00% |       20687      3.11%     19.12% |       20679      3.11%     22.23% |       20677      3.11%     25.34% |       20697      3.11%     28.45% |       20719      3.12%     31.57% |       20756      3.12%     34.70% |       20671      3.11%     37.81% |       20680      3.11%     40.92% |       20680      3.11%     44.03% |       20684      3.11%     47.14% |       20650      3.11%     50.25% |       20675      3.11%     53.36% |       20672      3.11%     56.47% |       20673      3.11%     59.58% |       20663      3.11%     62.69% |       20671      3.11%     65.80% |       20651      3.11%     68.91% |       20677      3.11%     72.02% |       20653      3.11%     75.13% |       20684      3.11%     78.24% |       20688      3.11%     81.35% |       20654      3.11%     84.46% |       20636      3.11%     87.57% |       20674      3.11%     90.68% |       20637      3.11%     93.78% |       20627      3.10%     96.88% |       20703      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       664584                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        6009      3.16%      3.16% |        5933      3.12%      6.28% |        5941      3.12%      9.40% |        5950      3.13%     12.53% |        5950      3.13%     15.66% |        5944      3.13%     18.78% |        5940      3.12%     21.91% |        5927      3.12%     25.02% |        5949      3.13%     28.15% |        5944      3.13%     31.28% |        5929      3.12%     34.39% |        5949      3.13%     37.52% |        5939      3.12%     40.64% |        5934      3.12%     43.76% |        5932      3.12%     46.88% |        5932      3.12%     50.00% |        5946      3.13%     53.13% |        5946      3.13%     56.25% |        5947      3.13%     59.38% |        5937      3.12%     62.50% |        5943      3.12%     65.63% |        5952      3.13%     68.75% |        5932      3.12%     71.87% |        5940      3.12%     75.00% |        5947      3.13%     78.12% |        5943      3.12%     81.25% |        5953      3.13%     84.38% |        5943      3.12%     87.50% |        5941      3.12%     90.63% |        5946      3.13%     93.75% |        5954      3.13%     96.88% |        5931      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       190203                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3421      3.09%      3.09% |        3392      3.07%      6.16% |        3072      2.78%      8.93% |        3091      2.79%     11.73% |        3169      2.86%     14.59% |        3570      3.23%     17.82% |        3352      3.03%     20.85% |        2852      2.58%     23.42% |        3126      2.83%     26.25% |        4741      4.28%     30.53% |        3479      3.14%     33.68% |        3394      3.07%     36.75% |        3020      2.73%     39.48% |        3904      3.53%     43.00% |        3469      3.14%     46.14% |        3312      2.99%     49.13% |        3726      3.37%     52.50% |        3739      3.38%     55.88% |        3127      2.83%     58.71% |        2866      2.59%     61.30% |        2682      2.42%     63.72% |        3298      2.98%     66.70% |        3136      2.83%     69.53% |        3002      2.71%     72.25% |        3205      2.90%     75.14% |        3311      2.99%     78.14% |        2845      2.57%     80.71% |        4320      3.90%     84.61% |        3545      3.20%     87.82% |        4793      4.33%     92.15% |        4645      4.20%     96.35% |        4044      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110648                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1207     44.23%     44.23% |         199      7.29%     51.52% |         176      6.45%     57.97% |         182      6.67%     64.64% |          14      0.51%     65.15% |         248      9.09%     74.24% |          14      0.51%     74.75% |           5      0.18%     74.94% |           3      0.11%     75.05% |           1      0.04%     75.08% |          16      0.59%     75.67% |           4      0.15%     75.82% |           1      0.04%     75.85% |           1      0.04%     75.89% |          39      1.43%     77.32% |          16      0.59%     77.90% |           9      0.33%     78.23% |         159      5.83%     84.06% |         212      7.77%     91.83% |         163      5.97%     97.80% |           1      0.04%     97.84% |          15      0.55%     98.39% |          10      0.37%     98.75% |           2      0.07%     98.83% |           5      0.18%     99.01% |           1      0.04%     99.05% |           2      0.07%     99.12% |           8      0.29%     99.41% |           3      0.11%     99.52% |           2      0.07%     99.60% |           3      0.11%     99.71% |           8      0.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         2729                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |          77     71.96%     71.96% |           6      5.61%     77.57% |           2      1.87%     79.44% |           5      4.67%     84.11% |           0      0.00%     84.11% |           1      0.93%     85.05% |           1      0.93%     85.98% |           0      0.00%     85.98% |           0      0.00%     85.98% |           1      0.93%     86.92% |           0      0.00%     86.92% |           0      0.00%     86.92% |           5      4.67%     91.59% |           0      0.00%     91.59% |           0      0.00%     91.59% |           0      0.00%     91.59% |           0      0.00%     91.59% |           0      0.00%     91.59% |           3      2.80%     94.39% |           1      0.93%     95.33% |           0      0.00%     95.33% |           0      0.00%     95.33% |           0      0.00%     95.33% |           0      0.00%     95.33% |           1      0.93%     96.26% |           0      0.00%     96.26% |           1      0.93%     97.20% |           1      0.93%     98.13% |           2      1.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total          107                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |         136     87.74%     87.74% |           0      0.00%     87.74% |           1      0.65%     88.39% |           1      0.65%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           2      1.29%     90.32% |           1      0.65%     90.97% |           0      0.00%     90.97% |           0      0.00%     90.97% |           7      4.52%     95.48% |           1      0.65%     96.13% |           0      0.00%     96.13% |           0      0.00%     96.13% |           0      0.00%     96.13% |           0      0.00%     96.13% |           0      0.00%     96.13% |           0      0.00%     96.13% |           1      0.65%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           2      1.29%     98.06% |           1      0.65%     98.71% |           1      0.65%     99.35% |           1      0.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total          155                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |          43      1.94%      1.94% |          73      3.29%      5.23% |          70      3.16%      8.39% |          71      3.20%     11.59% |          69      3.11%     14.70% |          72      3.25%     17.95% |          69      3.11%     21.06% |          69      3.11%     24.18% |          69      3.11%     27.29% |          70      3.16%     30.45% |          69      3.11%     33.56% |          69      3.11%     36.67% |          74      3.34%     40.01% |          69      3.11%     43.12% |          71      3.20%     46.32% |          70      3.16%     49.48% |          69      3.11%     52.59% |          70      3.16%     55.75% |          71      3.20%     58.95% |          71      3.20%     62.16% |          69      3.11%     65.27% |          70      3.16%     68.43% |          71      3.20%     71.63% |          69      3.11%     74.74% |          70      3.16%     77.90% |          70      3.16%     81.06% |          69      3.11%     84.17% |          70      3.16%     87.33% |          73      3.29%     90.62% |          69      3.11%     93.73% |          69      3.11%     96.84% |          70      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total         2217                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         898      6.44%      6.44% |         387      2.78%      9.22% |         411      2.95%     12.17% |         402      2.88%     15.05% |         421      3.02%     18.07% |         400      2.87%     20.94% |         401      2.88%     23.81% |         415      2.98%     26.79% |         403      2.89%     29.68% |         410      2.94%     32.62% |         432      3.10%     35.72% |         429      3.08%     38.80% |         456      3.27%     42.07% |         446      3.20%     45.27% |         428      3.07%     48.34% |         434      3.11%     51.45% |         442      3.17%     54.62% |         450      3.23%     57.85% |         423      3.03%     60.89% |         399      2.86%     63.75% |         402      2.88%     66.63% |         421      3.02%     69.65% |         401      2.88%     72.53% |         408      2.93%     75.45% |         438      3.14%     78.60% |         439      3.15%     81.74% |         441      3.16%     84.91% |         421      3.02%     87.93% |         412      2.96%     90.88% |         434      3.11%     94.00% |         424      3.04%     97.04% |         413      2.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        13941                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           6      5.83%      5.83% |           9      8.74%     14.56% |           4      3.88%     18.45% |           7      6.80%     25.24% |           2      1.94%     27.18% |           7      6.80%     33.98% |           4      3.88%     37.86% |           0      0.00%     37.86% |           0      0.00%     37.86% |           2      1.94%     39.81% |           2      1.94%     41.75% |           2      1.94%     43.69% |           4      3.88%     47.57% |           0      0.00%     47.57% |           4      3.88%     51.46% |           2      1.94%     53.40% |           1      0.97%     54.37% |           0      0.00%     54.37% |          12     11.65%     66.02% |           5      4.85%     70.87% |           1      0.97%     71.84% |           2      1.94%     73.79% |           2      1.94%     75.73% |           2      1.94%     77.67% |           4      3.88%     81.55% |           1      0.97%     82.52% |           3      2.91%     85.44% |           2      1.94%     87.38% |           5      4.85%     92.23% |           3      2.91%     95.15% |           1      0.97%     96.12% |           4      3.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total          103                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       39560     29.59%     29.59% |        3808      2.85%     32.43% |        2666      1.99%     34.43% |        3473      2.60%     37.03% |        3043      2.28%     39.30% |        2516      1.88%     41.18% |        2327      1.74%     42.92% |        2385      1.78%     44.71% |        3816      2.85%     47.56% |        2877      2.15%     49.71% |        4242      3.17%     52.88% |        3766      2.82%     55.70% |        2797      2.09%     57.79% |        2531      1.89%     59.69% |        2049      1.53%     61.22% |        2439      1.82%     63.04% |        4391      3.28%     66.33% |        2812      2.10%     68.43% |        2952      2.21%     70.64% |        3003      2.25%     72.88% |        2931      2.19%     75.08% |        2887      2.16%     77.23% |        2772      2.07%     79.31% |        2542      1.90%     81.21% |        3651      2.73%     83.94% |        2860      2.14%     86.08% |        2630      1.97%     88.05% |        2187      1.64%     89.68% |        2773      2.07%     91.75% |        2361      1.77%     93.52% |        3146      2.35%     95.87% |        5518      4.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       133711                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        8540      8.10%      8.10% |        2869      2.72%     10.82% |        3267      3.10%     13.91% |        2697      2.56%     16.47% |        3399      3.22%     19.69% |        2856      2.71%     22.40% |        2981      2.83%     25.22% |        2654      2.52%     27.74% |        3467      3.29%     31.03% |        2786      2.64%     33.67% |        3347      3.17%     36.84% |        2709      2.57%     39.41% |        3249      3.08%     42.49% |        2571      2.44%     44.93% |        3084      2.92%     47.85% |        2619      2.48%     50.33% |        3232      3.06%     53.40% |        2656      2.52%     55.91% |        3365      3.19%     59.10% |        2910      2.76%     61.86% |        3460      3.28%     65.14% |        2957      2.80%     67.94% |        3605      3.42%     71.36% |        2845      2.70%     74.06% |        3336      3.16%     77.22% |        2823      2.68%     79.90% |        3578      3.39%     83.29% |        3024      2.87%     86.16% |        3750      3.55%     89.71% |        2933      2.78%     92.49% |        4527      4.29%     96.78% |        3394      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       105490                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        9227      4.28%      4.28% |        6649      3.08%      7.36% |        6669      3.09%     10.45% |        6659      3.09%     13.54% |        6642      3.08%     16.62% |        6649      3.08%     19.71% |        6661      3.09%     22.79% |        6653      3.09%     25.88% |        6669      3.09%     28.97% |        6671      3.09%     32.07% |        6675      3.10%     35.16% |        6673      3.09%     38.25% |        6652      3.08%     41.34% |        6661      3.09%     44.43% |        6653      3.09%     47.51% |        6654      3.09%     50.60% |        6681      3.10%     53.70% |        6655      3.09%     56.78% |        6671      3.09%     59.88% |        6658      3.09%     62.96% |        6658      3.09%     66.05% |        6676      3.10%     69.15% |        6661      3.09%     72.24% |        6657      3.09%     75.32% |        6664      3.09%     78.41% |        6662      3.09%     81.50% |        6661      3.09%     84.59% |        6653      3.09%     87.68% |        6655      3.09%     90.76% |        6644      3.08%     93.84% |        6641      3.08%     96.92% |        6637      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       215651                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       18466      3.07%      3.07% |       18832      3.14%      6.21% |       18860      3.14%      9.35% |       18808      3.13%     12.48% |       18800      3.13%     15.61% |       18774      3.13%     18.74% |       18783      3.13%     21.86% |       18775      3.13%     24.99% |       18776      3.13%     28.11% |       18814      3.13%     31.25% |       18805      3.13%     34.38% |       18764      3.12%     37.50% |       18789      3.13%     40.63% |       18774      3.13%     43.75% |       18781      3.13%     46.88% |       18757      3.12%     50.00% |       18761      3.12%     53.13% |       18775      3.13%     56.25% |       18769      3.12%     59.38% |       18761      3.12%     62.50% |       18775      3.13%     65.63% |       18751      3.12%     68.75% |       18772      3.13%     71.87% |       18761      3.12%     75.00% |       18790      3.13%     78.12% |       18791      3.13%     81.25% |       18776      3.13%     84.38% |       18748      3.12%     87.50% |       18782      3.13%     90.63% |       18764      3.12%     93.75% |       18761      3.12%     96.87% |       18783      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       600678                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          36      4.66%      4.66% |          26      3.37%      8.03% |          23      2.98%     11.01% |          24      3.11%     14.12% |          23      2.98%     17.10% |          23      2.98%     20.08% |          24      3.11%     23.19% |          24      3.11%     26.30% |          24      3.11%     29.40% |          24      3.11%     32.51% |          23      2.98%     35.49% |          24      3.11%     38.60% |          23      2.98%     41.58% |          23      2.98%     44.56% |          23      2.98%     47.54% |          23      2.98%     50.52% |          23      2.98%     53.50% |          24      3.11%     56.61% |          24      3.11%     59.72% |          24      3.11%     62.82% |          24      3.11%     65.93% |          25      3.24%     69.17% |          24      3.11%     72.28% |          23      2.98%     75.26% |          23      2.98%     78.24% |          25      3.24%     81.48% |          25      3.24%     84.72% |          23      2.98%     87.69% |          23      2.98%     90.67% |          24      3.11%     93.78% |          24      3.11%     96.89% |          24      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          772                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |         783     26.50%     26.50% |          75      2.54%     29.04% |          72      2.44%     31.47% |          72      2.44%     33.91% |          69      2.34%     36.24% |          69      2.34%     38.58% |          69      2.34%     40.91% |          69      2.34%     43.25% |          69      2.34%     45.58% |          69      2.34%     47.92% |          69      2.34%     50.25% |          69      2.34%     52.59% |          73      2.47%     55.06% |          69      2.34%     57.39% |          70      2.37%     59.76% |          69      2.34%     62.10% |          70      2.37%     64.47% |          72      2.44%     66.90% |          73      2.47%     69.37% |          72      2.44%     71.81% |          69      2.34%     74.15% |          69      2.34%     76.48% |          71      2.40%     78.88% |          69      2.34%     81.22% |          69      2.34%     83.55% |          70      2.37%     85.92% |          69      2.34%     88.26% |          69      2.34%     90.59% |          71      2.40%     92.99% |          69      2.34%     95.33% |          69      2.34%     97.66% |          69      2.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total         2955                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |          89      9.01%      9.01% |          29      2.94%     11.94% |          29      2.94%     14.88% |          29      2.94%     17.81% |          29      2.94%     20.75% |          29      2.94%     23.68% |          29      2.94%     26.62% |          29      2.94%     29.55% |          29      2.94%     32.49% |          29      2.94%     35.43% |          29      2.94%     38.36% |          29      2.94%     41.30% |          29      2.94%     44.23% |          29      2.94%     47.17% |          29      2.94%     50.10% |          29      2.94%     53.04% |          29      2.94%     55.97% |          29      2.94%     58.91% |          29      2.94%     61.84% |          29      2.94%     64.78% |          29      2.94%     67.71% |          29      2.94%     70.65% |          29      2.94%     73.58% |          29      2.94%     76.52% |          29      2.94%     79.45% |          29      2.94%     82.39% |          29      2.94%     85.32% |          29      2.94%     88.26% |          29      2.94%     91.19% |          29      2.94%     94.13% |          29      2.94%     97.06% |          29      2.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total          988                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       76690      7.07%      7.07% |       33081      3.05%     10.12% |       32373      2.98%     13.10% |       32556      3.00%     16.10% |       32798      3.02%     19.13% |       31712      2.92%     22.05% |       31670      2.92%     24.97% |       31377      2.89%     27.86% |       33639      3.10%     30.96% |       32062      2.96%     33.92% |       33982      3.13%     37.05% |       32830      3.03%     40.08% |       32402      2.99%     43.07% |       31448      2.90%     45.96% |       31481      2.90%     48.87% |       31381      2.89%     51.76% |       33977      3.13%     54.89% |       31813      2.93%     57.82% |       32683      3.01%     60.84% |       32252      2.97%     63.81% |       32740      3.02%     66.83% |       32186      2.97%     69.80% |       32721      3.02%     72.81% |       31714      2.92%     75.74% |       33355      3.07%     78.81% |       32049      2.95%     81.76% |       32559      3.00%     84.77% |       31529      2.91%     87.67% |       32879      3.03%     90.70% |       31617      2.91%     93.62% |       33985      3.13%     96.75% |       35242      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1084783                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           3      2.38%      2.38% |           5      3.97%      6.35% |           5      3.97%     10.32% |           3      2.38%     12.70% |           3      2.38%     15.08% |           5      3.97%     19.05% |           5      3.97%     23.02% |           3      2.38%     25.40% |           4      3.17%     28.57% |           1      0.79%     29.37% |           3      2.38%     31.75% |           2      1.59%     33.33% |           2      1.59%     34.92% |           2      1.59%     36.51% |           4      3.17%     39.68% |           5      3.97%     43.65% |           3      2.38%     46.03% |           2      1.59%     47.62% |           2      1.59%     49.21% |           3      2.38%     51.59% |           3      2.38%     53.97% |           4      3.17%     57.14% |           4      3.17%     60.32% |           7      5.56%     65.87% |           5      3.97%     69.84% |           3      2.38%     72.22% |           4      3.17%     75.40% |           4      3.17%     78.57% |           6      4.76%     83.33% |           5      3.97%     87.30% |           7      5.56%     92.86% |           9      7.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          126                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |         134      6.33%      6.33% |          71      3.35%      9.68% |          73      3.45%     13.13% |          67      3.16%     16.29% |          77      3.64%     19.92% |          82      3.87%     23.80% |          52      2.46%     26.25% |          58      2.74%     28.99% |          84      3.97%     32.96% |          63      2.97%     35.93% |          86      4.06%     39.99% |          63      2.97%     42.97% |          60      2.83%     45.80% |          64      3.02%     48.82% |          63      2.97%     51.79% |          54      2.55%     54.34% |          62      2.93%     57.27% |          68      3.21%     60.48% |          57      2.69%     63.17% |          57      2.69%     65.86% |          63      2.97%     68.84% |          57      2.69%     71.53% |          58      2.74%     74.27% |          57      2.69%     76.96% |          58      2.74%     79.70% |          60      2.83%     82.53% |          52      2.46%     84.99% |          59      2.79%     87.77% |          55      2.60%     90.37% |          55      2.60%     92.97% |          60      2.83%     95.80% |          89      4.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         2118                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8     22.22%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           8     22.22%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |          18     50.00%     94.44% |           1      2.78%     97.22% |           1      2.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           36                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           5     41.67%     41.67% |           0      0.00%     41.67% |           0      0.00%     41.67% |           0      0.00%     41.67% |           0      0.00%     41.67% |           6     50.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           1      8.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           12                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       28863      3.45%      3.45% |       26043      3.12%      6.57% |       26111      3.12%      9.70% |       26034      3.12%     12.81% |       26035      3.12%     15.93% |       26005      3.11%     19.04% |       25995      3.11%     22.15% |       25997      3.11%     25.26% |       26029      3.12%     28.38% |       26053      3.12%     31.50% |       26093      3.12%     34.62% |       26024      3.11%     37.73% |       26056      3.12%     40.85% |       26039      3.12%     43.97% |       26023      3.11%     47.08% |       25997      3.11%     50.19% |       26041      3.12%     53.31% |       26044      3.12%     56.43% |       26017      3.11%     59.54% |       25973      3.11%     62.65% |       25994      3.11%     65.76% |       26004      3.11%     68.87% |       25991      3.11%     71.98% |       25982      3.11%     75.09% |       26048      3.12%     78.21% |       26050      3.12%     81.33% |       26028      3.12%     84.44% |       25977      3.11%     87.55% |       26006      3.11%     90.66% |       25995      3.11%     93.78% |       25986      3.11%     96.89% |       26025      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       835558                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          36      4.66%      4.66% |          26      3.37%      8.03% |          23      2.98%     11.01% |          24      3.11%     14.12% |          23      2.98%     17.10% |          23      2.98%     20.08% |          24      3.11%     23.19% |          24      3.11%     26.30% |          24      3.11%     29.40% |          24      3.11%     32.51% |          23      2.98%     35.49% |          24      3.11%     38.60% |          23      2.98%     41.58% |          23      2.98%     44.56% |          23      2.98%     47.54% |          23      2.98%     50.52% |          23      2.98%     53.50% |          24      3.11%     56.61% |          24      3.11%     59.72% |          24      3.11%     62.82% |          24      3.11%     65.93% |          25      3.24%     69.17% |          24      3.11%     72.28% |          23      2.98%     75.26% |          23      2.98%     78.24% |          25      3.24%     81.48% |          25      3.24%     84.72% |          23      2.98%     87.69% |          23      2.98%     90.67% |          24      3.11%     93.78% |          24      3.11%     96.89% |          24      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          772                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          56     59.57%     59.57% |           2      2.13%     61.70% |           3      3.19%     64.89% |           1      1.06%     65.96% |           1      1.06%     67.02% |           1      1.06%     68.09% |           2      2.13%     70.21% |           0      0.00%     70.21% |           1      1.06%     71.28% |           0      0.00%     71.28% |           1      1.06%     72.34% |           1      1.06%     73.40% |           1      1.06%     74.47% |           0      0.00%     74.47% |           1      1.06%     75.53% |           0      0.00%     75.53% |           0      0.00%     75.53% |           0      0.00%     75.53% |           1      1.06%     76.60% |           0      0.00%     76.60% |           0      0.00%     76.60% |           2      2.13%     78.72% |           1      1.06%     79.79% |           2      2.13%     81.91% |           1      1.06%     82.98% |           1      1.06%     84.04% |           2      2.13%     86.17% |           2      2.13%     88.30% |           3      3.19%     91.49% |           3      3.19%     94.68% |           5      5.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           94                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      3.41%      3.41% |           3      3.41%      6.82% |           2      2.27%      9.09% |           2      2.27%     11.36% |           2      2.27%     13.64% |           4      4.55%     18.18% |           3      3.41%     21.59% |           3      3.41%     25.00% |           3      3.41%     28.41% |           1      1.14%     29.55% |           2      2.27%     31.82% |           1      1.14%     32.95% |           1      1.14%     34.09% |           2      2.27%     36.36% |           3      3.41%     39.77% |           5      5.68%     45.45% |           3      3.41%     48.86% |           2      2.27%     51.14% |           1      1.14%     52.27% |           3      3.41%     55.68% |           3      3.41%     59.09% |           2      2.27%     61.36% |           3      3.41%     64.77% |           5      5.68%     70.45% |           4      4.55%     75.00% |           2      2.27%     77.27% |           2      2.27%     79.55% |           2      2.27%     81.82% |           3      3.41%     85.23% |           2      2.27%     87.50% |           2      2.27%     89.77% |           9     10.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           88                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     20.00%     20.00% |           8     80.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          12     85.71%     85.71% |           2     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           5      2.43%      2.43% |           5      2.43%      4.85% |          12      5.83%     10.68% |          14      6.80%     17.48% |          25     12.14%     29.61% |          22     10.68%     40.29% |           1      0.49%     40.78% |           7      3.40%     44.17% |          10      4.85%     49.03% |           5      2.43%     51.46% |           8      3.88%     55.34% |           3      1.46%     56.80% |           4      1.94%     58.74% |           1      0.49%     59.22% |           2      0.97%     60.19% |           1      0.49%     60.68% |           2      0.97%     61.65% |           6      2.91%     64.56% |           6      2.91%     67.48% |           4      1.94%     69.42% |           2      0.97%     70.39% |           6      2.91%     73.30% |           2      0.97%     74.27% |           2      0.97%     75.24% |           4      1.94%     77.18% |           7      3.40%     80.58% |           7      3.40%     83.98% |           8      3.88%     87.86% |           6      2.91%     90.78% |           6      2.91%     93.69% |          11      5.34%     99.03% |           2      0.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          206                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |         129      6.75%      6.75% |          66      3.45%     10.20% |          61      3.19%     13.39% |          53      2.77%     16.16% |          52      2.72%     18.88% |          60      3.14%     22.02% |          51      2.67%     24.69% |          51      2.67%     27.35% |          74      3.87%     31.22% |          58      3.03%     34.26% |          78      4.08%     38.34% |          60      3.14%     41.47% |          56      2.93%     44.40% |          63      3.29%     47.70% |          61      3.19%     50.89% |          53      2.77%     53.66% |          60      3.14%     56.80% |          62      3.24%     60.04% |          51      2.67%     62.71% |          53      2.77%     65.48% |          61      3.19%     68.67% |          51      2.67%     71.34% |          56      2.93%     74.27% |          55      2.88%     77.14% |          54      2.82%     79.97% |          53      2.77%     82.74% |          45      2.35%     85.09% |          51      2.67%     87.76% |          49      2.56%     90.32% |          49      2.56%     92.89% |          49      2.56%     95.45% |          87      4.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1912                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |         467     78.49%     78.49% |          23      3.87%     82.35% |          21      3.53%     85.88% |          21      3.53%     89.41% |           0      0.00%     89.41% |           0      0.00%     89.41% |           0      0.00%     89.41% |           0      0.00%     89.41% |           0      0.00%     89.41% |           0      0.00%     89.41% |           0      0.00%     89.41% |           0      0.00%     89.41% |           0      0.00%     89.41% |           0      0.00%     89.41% |           0      0.00%     89.41% |           0      0.00%     89.41% |           0      0.00%     89.41% |          21      3.53%     92.94% |          21      3.53%     96.47% |          21      3.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total          595                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         898      6.44%      6.44% |         387      2.78%      9.22% |         411      2.95%     12.17% |         402      2.88%     15.05% |         421      3.02%     18.07% |         400      2.87%     20.94% |         401      2.88%     23.81% |         415      2.98%     26.79% |         403      2.89%     29.68% |         410      2.94%     32.62% |         432      3.10%     35.72% |         429      3.08%     38.80% |         456      3.27%     42.07% |         446      3.20%     45.27% |         428      3.07%     48.34% |         434      3.11%     51.45% |         442      3.17%     54.62% |         450      3.23%     57.85% |         423      3.03%     60.89% |         399      2.86%     63.75% |         402      2.88%     66.63% |         421      3.02%     69.65% |         401      2.88%     72.53% |         408      2.93%     75.45% |         438      3.14%     78.60% |         439      3.15%     81.74% |         441      3.16%     84.91% |         421      3.02%     87.93% |         412      2.96%     90.88% |         434      3.11%     94.00% |         424      3.04%     97.04% |         413      2.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        13941                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |          49      2.21%      2.21% |          71      3.20%      5.40% |          69      3.11%      8.51% |          69      3.11%     11.61% |          69      3.11%     14.72% |          69      3.11%     17.82% |          69      3.11%     20.93% |          69      3.11%     24.03% |          69      3.11%     27.14% |          69      3.11%     30.24% |          69      3.11%     33.35% |          69      3.11%     36.45% |          72      3.24%     39.69% |          69      3.11%     42.80% |          70      3.15%     45.95% |          69      3.11%     49.05% |          69      3.11%     52.16% |          76      3.42%     55.58% |          77      3.47%     59.05% |          77      3.47%     62.51% |          69      3.11%     65.62% |          69      3.11%     68.72% |          71      3.20%     71.92% |          69      3.11%     75.02% |          69      3.11%     78.13% |          70      3.15%     81.28% |          69      3.11%     84.38% |          69      3.11%     87.49% |          71      3.20%     90.68% |          69      3.11%     93.79% |          69      3.11%     96.89% |          69      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total         2222                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |          43      1.94%      1.94% |          73      3.29%      5.23% |          70      3.16%      8.39% |          71      3.20%     11.59% |          69      3.11%     14.70% |          72      3.25%     17.95% |          69      3.11%     21.06% |          69      3.11%     24.18% |          69      3.11%     27.29% |          70      3.16%     30.45% |          69      3.11%     33.56% |          69      3.11%     36.67% |          74      3.34%     40.01% |          69      3.11%     43.12% |          71      3.20%     46.32% |          70      3.16%     49.48% |          69      3.11%     52.59% |          70      3.16%     55.75% |          71      3.20%     58.95% |          71      3.20%     62.16% |          69      3.11%     65.27% |          70      3.16%     68.43% |          71      3.20%     71.63% |          69      3.11%     74.74% |          70      3.16%     77.90% |          70      3.16%     81.06% |          69      3.11%     84.17% |          70      3.16%     87.33% |          73      3.29%     90.62% |          69      3.11%     93.73% |          69      3.11%     96.84% |          70      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total         2217                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       23444      3.53%      3.53% |       20748      3.12%      6.65% |       20781      3.13%      9.78% |       20704      3.12%     12.89% |       20687      3.11%     16.00% |       20687      3.11%     19.12% |       20679      3.11%     22.23% |       20677      3.11%     25.34% |       20697      3.11%     28.45% |       20719      3.12%     31.57% |       20756      3.12%     34.70% |       20671      3.11%     37.81% |       20680      3.11%     40.92% |       20680      3.11%     44.03% |       20684      3.11%     47.14% |       20650      3.11%     50.25% |       20675      3.11%     53.36% |       20671      3.11%     56.47% |       20672      3.11%     59.58% |       20662      3.11%     62.69% |       20671      3.11%     65.80% |       20651      3.11%     68.91% |       20677      3.11%     72.02% |       20653      3.11%     75.13% |       20684      3.11%     78.24% |       20688      3.11%     81.35% |       20654      3.11%     84.46% |       20636      3.11%     87.56% |       20674      3.11%     90.68% |       20637      3.11%     93.78% |       20627      3.10%     96.88% |       20703      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       664579                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6     40.00%     40.00% |           6     40.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1      6.67%     86.67% |           1      6.67%     93.33% |           1      6.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS::total           15                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         434      3.20%      3.20% |         386      2.85%      6.05% |         413      3.05%      9.10% |         404      2.98%     12.09% |         422      3.12%     15.20% |         398      2.94%     18.14% |         400      2.95%     21.09% |         417      3.08%     24.17% |         407      3.01%     27.18% |         414      3.06%     30.23% |         432      3.19%     33.42% |         428      3.16%     36.58% |         461      3.40%     39.99% |         449      3.32%     43.30% |         431      3.18%     46.49% |         439      3.24%     49.73% |         444      3.28%     53.01% |         451      3.33%     56.33% |         422      3.12%     59.45% |         398      2.94%     62.39% |         404      2.98%     65.37% |         425      3.14%     68.51% |         406      3.00%     71.51% |         413      3.05%     74.56% |         441      3.26%     77.81% |         443      3.27%     81.08% |         445      3.29%     84.37% |         422      3.12%     87.49% |         415      3.06%     90.55% |         436      3.22%     93.77% |         429      3.17%     96.94% |         415      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        13544                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        6009      3.16%      3.16% |        5933      3.12%      6.28% |        5941      3.12%      9.40% |        5950      3.13%     12.53% |        5950      3.13%     15.66% |        5944      3.13%     18.78% |        5940      3.12%     21.91% |        5927      3.12%     25.02% |        5949      3.13%     28.15% |        5944      3.13%     31.28% |        5929      3.12%     34.39% |        5949      3.13%     37.52% |        5939      3.12%     40.64% |        5934      3.12%     43.76% |        5932      3.12%     46.88% |        5932      3.12%     50.00% |        5946      3.13%     53.13% |        5946      3.13%     56.25% |        5947      3.13%     59.38% |        5937      3.12%     62.50% |        5943      3.12%     65.63% |        5952      3.13%     68.75% |        5932      3.12%     71.87% |        5940      3.12%     75.00% |        5947      3.13%     78.12% |        5943      3.12%     81.25% |        5953      3.13%     84.38% |        5943      3.12%     87.50% |        5941      3.12%     90.63% |        5946      3.13%     93.75% |        5954      3.13%     96.88% |        5931      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       190203                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |         213     81.30%     81.30% |           6      2.29%     83.59% |           3      1.15%     84.73% |           6      2.29%     87.02% |           0      0.00%     87.02% |           1      0.38%     87.40% |           1      0.38%     87.79% |           0      0.00%     87.79% |           0      0.00%     87.79% |           1      0.38%     88.17% |           0      0.00%     88.17% |           0      0.00%     88.17% |           5      1.91%     90.08% |           0      0.00%     90.08% |           2      0.76%     90.84% |           1      0.38%     91.22% |           0      0.00%     91.22% |           0      0.00%     91.22% |          10      3.82%     95.04% |           2      0.76%     95.80% |           0      0.00%     95.80% |           0      0.00%     95.80% |           0      0.00%     95.80% |           0      0.00%     95.80% |           1      0.38%     96.18% |           0      0.00%     96.18% |           2      0.76%     96.95% |           1      0.38%     97.33% |           4      1.53%     98.85% |           1      0.38%     99.24% |           1      0.38%     99.62% |           1      0.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total          262                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       77642      7.09%      7.09% |       33387      3.05%     10.14% |       32684      2.98%     13.12% |       32853      3.00%     16.13% |       33108      3.02%     19.15% |       32032      2.93%     22.07% |       31956      2.92%     24.99% |       31672      2.89%     27.89% |       33958      3.10%     30.99% |       32355      2.95%     33.94% |       34303      3.13%     37.07% |       33124      3.03%     40.10% |       32694      2.99%     43.08% |       31745      2.90%     45.98% |       31778      2.90%     48.89% |       31669      2.89%     51.78% |       34273      3.13%     54.91% |       32114      2.93%     57.84% |       32965      3.01%     60.85% |       32541      2.97%     63.82% |       33034      3.02%     66.84% |       32476      2.97%     69.81% |       33015      3.02%     72.82% |       32009      2.92%     75.75% |       33647      3.07%     78.82% |       32343      2.95%     81.77% |       32844      3.00%     84.77% |       31819      2.91%     87.68% |       33167      3.03%     90.71% |       31906      2.91%     93.62% |       34283      3.13%     96.75% |       35575      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1094971                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |           1     14.29%     14.29% |           5     71.43%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |         176      7.61%      7.61% |          70      3.03%     10.64% |          68      2.94%     13.58% |          62      2.68%     16.26% |          69      2.98%     19.25% |          69      2.98%     22.23% |          69      2.98%     25.22% |          69      2.98%     28.20% |          69      2.98%     31.19% |          69      2.98%     34.17% |          68      2.94%     37.11% |          67      2.90%     40.01% |          73      3.16%     43.17% |          69      2.98%     46.15% |          69      2.98%     49.13% |          69      2.98%     52.12% |          69      2.98%     55.10% |          69      2.98%     58.09% |          70      3.03%     61.12% |          69      2.98%     64.10% |          69      2.98%     67.08% |          69      2.98%     70.07% |          71      3.07%     73.14% |          69      2.98%     76.12% |          69      2.98%     79.11% |          69      2.98%     82.09% |          69      2.98%     85.08% |          69      2.98%     88.06% |          69      2.98%     91.05% |          69      2.98%     94.03% |          69      2.98%     97.02% |          69      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total         2312                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |         607     96.81%     96.81% |           4      0.64%     97.45% |           3      0.48%     97.93% |           3      0.48%     98.41% |           0      0.00%     98.41% |           0      0.00%     98.41% |           0      0.00%     98.41% |           0      0.00%     98.41% |           0      0.00%     98.41% |           0      0.00%     98.41% |           0      0.00%     98.41% |           0      0.00%     98.41% |           0      0.00%     98.41% |           0      0.00%     98.41% |           1      0.16%     98.56% |           0      0.00%     98.56% |           1      0.16%     98.72% |           3      0.48%     99.20% |           3      0.48%     99.68% |           2      0.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total          627                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      6.25%      6.25% |           1      6.25%     12.50% |           7     43.75%     56.25% |           0      0.00%     56.25% |           0      0.00%     56.25% |           0      0.00%     56.25% |           0      0.00%     56.25% |           0      0.00%     56.25% |           0      0.00%     56.25% |           1      6.25%     62.50% |           2     12.50%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1      6.25%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           1      6.25%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           2     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      6.25%      6.25% |           1      6.25%     12.50% |           7     43.75%     56.25% |           0      0.00%     56.25% |           0      0.00%     56.25% |           0      0.00%     56.25% |           0      0.00%     56.25% |           0      0.00%     56.25% |           0      0.00%     56.25% |           1      6.25%     62.50% |           2     12.50%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1      6.25%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           1      6.25%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           2     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |         783     26.64%     26.64% |          74      2.52%     29.16% |          71      2.42%     31.58% |          65      2.21%     33.79% |          69      2.35%     36.13% |          69      2.35%     38.48% |          69      2.35%     40.83% |          69      2.35%     43.18% |          69      2.35%     45.53% |          69      2.35%     47.87% |          68      2.31%     50.19% |          67      2.28%     52.47% |          73      2.48%     54.95% |          69      2.35%     57.30% |          70      2.38%     59.68% |          69      2.35%     62.03% |          70      2.38%     64.41% |          72      2.45%     66.86% |          73      2.48%     69.34% |          71      2.42%     71.76% |          69      2.35%     74.11% |          69      2.35%     76.45% |          71      2.42%     78.87% |          69      2.35%     81.22% |          69      2.35%     83.57% |          69      2.35%     85.91% |          69      2.35%     88.26% |          69      2.35%     90.61% |          69      2.35%     92.96% |          69      2.35%     95.30% |          69      2.35%     97.65% |          69      2.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total         2939                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       76178      4.27%      4.27% |      891440     50.00%     54.27% |      107861      6.05%     60.32% |      102800      5.77%     66.09% |      101159      5.67%     71.76% |      102898      5.77%     77.53% |      101502      5.69%     83.23% |      103149      5.79%     89.01% |       97170      5.45%     94.46% |       98723      5.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      1782880                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       76178      4.27%      4.27% |      891440     50.00%     54.27% |      107861      6.05%     60.32% |      102800      5.77%     66.09% |      101159      5.67%     71.76% |      102898      5.77%     77.53% |      101502      5.69%     83.23% |      103149      5.79%     89.01% |       97170      5.45%     94.46% |       98723      5.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      1782880                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       76178      4.27%      4.27% |      891440     50.00%     54.27% |      107861      6.05%     60.32% |      102800      5.77%     66.09% |      101159      5.67%     71.76% |      102898      5.77%     77.53% |      101502      5.69%     83.23% |      103149      5.79%     89.01% |       97170      5.45%     94.46% |       98723      5.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      1782880                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       76178      4.27%      4.27% |      891440     50.00%     54.27% |      107861      6.05%     60.32% |      102800      5.77%     66.09% |      101159      5.67%     71.76% |      102898      5.77%     77.53% |      101502      5.69%     83.23% |      103149      5.79%     89.01% |       97170      5.45%     94.46% |       98723      5.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      1782880                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
