
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.111374                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                111373997500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5287542076000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  36039                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    61020                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               62803697                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5499104                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1773.37                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    63910464                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     108210459                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21103296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          21103296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     11915456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       11915456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       329739                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             329739                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       186179                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            186179                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    189481355                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            189481355                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    106985978                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           106985978                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    296467333                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           296467333                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     329739                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    186179                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   329739                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  186179                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              21101248                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   2048                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               11915200                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               21103296                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            11915456                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    32                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            20282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            21014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            20511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            20823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            20511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            20987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            20639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            20730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            20679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            20855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           20612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           20892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           20231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           20143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           20445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           20353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            11510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            11662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            11658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            11650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            11610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            11920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            11561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            11686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            11903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            11747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           11536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           11711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           11350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           11315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           11755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           11601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     1021                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 111373435000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               329739                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              186179                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 168802                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  48243                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  35998                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  22862                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                  15310                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                  11429                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   8162                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   5764                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   4157                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   2742                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  1813                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  1183                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                   806                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                   584                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                   411                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                   331                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                   268                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                   215                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                   175                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                   111                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                   109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                    94                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                    57                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                    37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                    27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  33364                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  36126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  37009                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  36969                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  36277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   2759                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   1643                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   2032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       153981                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   214.413155                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   164.893252                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   163.878543                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        44922     29.17%     29.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        46816     30.40%     59.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        45654     29.65%     89.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7003      4.55%     93.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4980      3.23%     97.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1634      1.06%     98.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1302      0.85%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          756      0.49%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          914      0.59%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       153981                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        33444                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.858181                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    24.230279                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        33437     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            6      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        33444                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        33444                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.566768                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.428702                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.547037                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          30674     91.72%     91.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2158      6.45%     98.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          499      1.49%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          113      0.34%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        33444                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  8809580084                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            14991586334                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1648535000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    26719.42                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               45469.42                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      189.46                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      106.98                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   189.48                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   106.99                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.84                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.56                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      3.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  244532                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 117359                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                74.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               63.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    215874.30                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   70.15                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   16969081500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     3718780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    90682984500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              587464920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              576578520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              320541375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              314601375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1290798600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1280775600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            604298880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            602082720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         7273933680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         7273933680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        49805634420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        49040131545                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        23131043250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        23802537000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          83013715125                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          82890640440                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          745.406806                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          744.301679                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20667648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          20667648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     11494208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       11494208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       322932                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             322932                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       179597                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            179597                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    185569778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            185569778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    103203694                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           103203694                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    288773472                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           288773472                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     322932                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    179597                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   322932                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  179597                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              20665536                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   2112                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               11493952                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               20667648                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            11494208                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    33                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            19874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            20567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            20116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            20409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            20106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            20547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            20235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            20371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            20255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            20435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           20150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           20434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           19803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           19713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           19929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           19955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            11109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            11258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            11281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            11246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            11215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            11517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            11137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            11264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            11490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            11310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           11130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           11293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           10952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           10908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           11291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           11192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                      930                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 111373163500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               322932                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              179597                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 165094                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  47748                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  33612                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  22976                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                  15538                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                  11336                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   8080                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   5740                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   3920                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   2653                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  1830                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  1210                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                   828                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                   583                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                   434                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                   293                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                   225                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                   179                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                   182                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                   139                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                   100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                    74                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                    59                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                    37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  32220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  34888                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  35495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  35626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  34998                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   2713                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   1679                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   1978                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       145352                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.245418                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   169.880491                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   167.737578                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41025     28.22%     28.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        42043     28.92%     57.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        45484     31.29%     88.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6943      4.78%     93.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5125      3.53%     96.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1698      1.17%     97.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1327      0.91%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          746      0.51%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          961      0.66%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       145352                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32303                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.994211                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    20.390051                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        32297     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        32303                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32303                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.559638                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.423194                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.535404                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          29638     91.75%     91.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2084      6.45%     98.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          468      1.45%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          113      0.35%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        32303                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  8411630109                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            14465986359                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1614495000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    26050.34                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               44800.34                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      185.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      103.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   185.57                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   103.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.55                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      3.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  241178                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 115953                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                74.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               64.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    221625.35                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   71.07                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   17164189000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     3718780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    90484505500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              556499160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              542339280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              303645375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              295919250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1265253600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1253187000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            583374960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            580387680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         7273933680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         7273933680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        49295726955                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        48297239145                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        23578330500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        24454197000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          82856764230                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          82697203035                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          743.997494                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          742.564742                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20677696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          20677696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     11496256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       11496256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       323089                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             323089                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       179629                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            179629                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    185659997                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            185659997                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    103222083                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           103222083                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    288882079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           288882079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     323089                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    179629                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   323089                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  179629                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              20676736                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               11496192                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               20677696                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            11496256                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            19895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            20566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            20130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            20501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            20120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            20526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            20216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            20356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            20240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            20448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           20170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           20498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           19830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           19687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           19916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           19975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            11110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            11249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            11282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            11266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            11210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            11497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            11147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            11278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            11465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            11319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           11112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           11316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           10959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           10911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           11296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           11211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     1058                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 111373856500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               323089                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              179629                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 165880                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  47395                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  33730                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                  23193                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                  15373                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                  11212                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   8001                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   5566                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   3941                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   2686                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  1813                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  1187                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                   765                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                   583                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                   375                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                   283                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                   218                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                   208                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                   189                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                   136                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                   111                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                    91                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                    58                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                    36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  32212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  34639                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  35560                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  35673                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  34970                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   2713                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   1717                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   2145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       145090                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.738011                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   170.222486                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   167.981797                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41000     28.26%     28.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        41553     28.64%     56.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        45672     31.48%     88.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6985      4.81%     93.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5095      3.51%     96.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1747      1.20%     97.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1316      0.91%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          749      0.52%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          973      0.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       145090                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32305                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.999443                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    20.385756                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        32300     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        32305                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32305                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.560378                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.421450                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.557413                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          29637     91.74%     91.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2093      6.48%     98.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          433      1.34%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          142      0.44%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        32305                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  8379387426                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            14437024926                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1615370000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    25936.43                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               44686.43                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      185.65                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      103.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   185.66                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   103.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.54                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      3.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  241416                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 116186                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                74.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               64.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    221543.40                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   71.14                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   17179619250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     3718780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    90469131750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              555327360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              541515240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              303006000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              295469625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1265924400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1253881200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            583452720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            580536720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         7273933680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         7273933680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        49214305305                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        48209866695                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        23649753000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        24530839500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          82845702465                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          82686042660                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          743.898167                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          742.464530                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20652096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          20652096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     11491584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       11491584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       322689                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             322689                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       179556                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            179556                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    185430140                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            185430140                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    103180134                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           103180134                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    288610275                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           288610275                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     322690                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    179556                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   322690                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  179556                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              20651456                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               11491456                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               20652160                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            11491584                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    11                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            19889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            20600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            20007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            20446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            20057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            20503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            20203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            20332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            20237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            20400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           20215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           20451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           19776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           19687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           19924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           19952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            11105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            11248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            11263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            11250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            11209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            11505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            11140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            11264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            11464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            11329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           11113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           11316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           10960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           10903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           11294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           11191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                      906                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 111373254500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               322690                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              179556                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 166443                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  46614                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  34698                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                  22755                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                  15553                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                  11089                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   7995                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   5558                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   3640                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   2586                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  1677                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  1158                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                   753                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                   564                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                   401                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                   268                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                   207                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                   180                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                   150                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                   132                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                    91                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                    78                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                    49                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  32340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  34850                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  35598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  35694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  34938                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   2661                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   1657                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   1818                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       144785                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.998688                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   170.635678                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   167.910088                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40479     27.96%     27.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        41784     28.86%     56.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        45733     31.59%     88.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6978      4.82%     93.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5062      3.50%     96.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1688      1.17%     97.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1320      0.91%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          757      0.52%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          984      0.68%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       144785                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32430                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.949553                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    20.846942                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        32420     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        32430                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32430                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.536664                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.405395                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.508514                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          29861     92.08%     92.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2018      6.22%     98.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          432      1.33%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          119      0.37%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        32430                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  8419064653                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            14469295903                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1613395000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    26091.15                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               44841.15                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      185.42                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      103.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   185.43                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   103.18                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.53                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  241046                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 116396                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                74.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               64.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    221750.41                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   71.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   16930059500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     3718780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    90719183000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              552673800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              541885680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              301558125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              295671750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1263826200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1252953000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            583096320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            580413600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         7273933680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         7273933680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        49054833270                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        48194818695                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        23789640750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        24544039500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          82819562145                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          82683715905                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          743.663444                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          742.443637                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1118                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1118                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1357                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1357                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               225                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              225                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5400                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          900                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          900                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          793                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4023                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4923                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               165000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              491000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              484228                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              118728                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1796500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          375                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1536000                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          375                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               16705678                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 59.998062                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                34.706394                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                96.561141                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    14933092     89.39%     89.39% |      867026      5.19%     94.58% |      464067      2.78%     97.36% |      263359      1.58%     98.93% |      128858      0.77%     99.71% |       38285      0.23%     99.93% |       10937      0.07%    100.00% |          54      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 16705678                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     43989867                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.813120                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.728714                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      5.084669                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    40356503     91.74%     91.74% |     1157168      2.63%     94.37% |      146970      0.33%     94.71% |      212903      0.48%     95.19% |      401363      0.91%     96.10% |      561715      1.28%     97.38% |      548515      1.25%     98.63% |      432593      0.98%     99.61% |      172137      0.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      43989867                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            43989864                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              20.507548                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.976539                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             82.170571                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    42809982     97.32%     97.32% |      853532      1.94%     99.26% |      255575      0.58%     99.84% |       58538      0.13%     99.97% |       10115      0.02%    100.00% |        1984      0.00%    100.00% |         117      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              43989864                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        41092808                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.010596                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.008138                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.148242                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    40841649     99.39%     99.39% |      113603      0.28%     99.67% |       95920      0.23%     99.90% |       36579      0.09%     99.99% |        5032      0.01%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          41092808                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        2897056                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        268.690135                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       208.330207                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       191.278133                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1717174     59.27%     59.27% |      853532     29.46%     88.74% |      255575      8.82%     97.56% |       58538      2.02%     99.58% |       10115      0.35%     99.93% |        1984      0.07%    100.00% |         117      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          2897056                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    83886080                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    4194304                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         582134                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       582134                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     28229363                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       688367                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     28917730                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits     12277453                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       124074                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses     12401527                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load      2693946                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        31042                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store      1028304                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1719816                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        54361                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           18                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           18                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits       585992                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses      2084600                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      2670592                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles       925430                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       112403                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        47153                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       159556                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        48789                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        40341                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        89130                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        49335                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        40460                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        89795                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        48502                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        40355                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        88857                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        47794                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        40406                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        88200                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        47439                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        40396                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        87835                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        46334                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        40389                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        86723                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        46678                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        40327                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        87005                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        48040                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        40362                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        88402                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        47595                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        40350                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        87945                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        47694                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        40376                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        88070                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        47471                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        40317                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        87788                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        47042                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        40433                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        87475                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        47059                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        40353                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        87412                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        50099                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        40436                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        90535                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        47774                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        40382                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        88156                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        46820                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        40297                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        87117                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        47146                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        40364                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        87510                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        47668                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        40392                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        88060                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        46850                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        40384                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        87234                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        47982                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        40272                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        88254                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        47813                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        40361                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        88174                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        48572                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        40321                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        88893                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        48126                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        40353                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        88479                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        51151                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        40345                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        91496                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        52187                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        40406                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        92593                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        47314                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        40324                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        87638                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        47459                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        40321                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        87780                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        47110                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        40320                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        87430                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        46327                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        40363                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        86690                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        46712                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        40391                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        87103                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        49345                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        40377                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        89722                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     22187655                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     22187655                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     23592290                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     22187654                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      9721609                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      9470730                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     22187654                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.099609                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      8327322                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      8327322                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8487206                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8327322                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4875476                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4869786                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      8327322                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.037384                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads     25224891                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes     25224891                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity     27464469                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity     25224891                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity     13033620                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity     12737019                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity     25224891                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.113244                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      8997667                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      8997667                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9104206                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8997667                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5206799                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5202103                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      8997667                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.040394                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      5353807                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      5353807                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5378672                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5353807                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2519796                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2518787                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      5353807                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.024035                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      5780001                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      5780001                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5853149                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5780001                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2736942                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2735453                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      5780001                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.025949                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads     11214752                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes     11214752                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity     12273496                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity     11214752                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4328184                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4005556                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity     11214752                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.050347                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      4901235                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      4901235                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5014304                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4901235                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1937743                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1928331                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      4901235                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.022003                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      4568118                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      4568118                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4568578                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4568118                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2479719                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2479714                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      4568118                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.020508                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      3439021                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      3439021                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3439565                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3439021                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1677848                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1677837                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      3439021                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.015439                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      3139086                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      3139086                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3152382                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3139086                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1354974                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1354966                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      3139086                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.014093                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      4788289                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      4788289                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4796087                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4788289                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2531380                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2531361                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      4788289                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.021496                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      3885572                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      3885572                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3887044                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3885572                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1822262                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1822240                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      3885572                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.017444                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      3347494                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      3347494                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3354647                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3347494                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1413618                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1413602                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      3347494                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.015028                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1988707                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1988707                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2008117                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1988707                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       834574                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       833339                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1988707                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.008928                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      3008097                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      3008097                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3103775                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3008097                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1258007                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1243921                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      3008097                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.013504                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      5473558                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      5473558                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5537668                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5473558                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2039664                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2030954                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      5473558                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.024573                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      3387373                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      3387373                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3417265                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3387373                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1345878                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1344313                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      3387373                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.015207                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      3199630                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      3199630                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3230568                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3199630                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1334020                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1332562                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      3199630                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.014364                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      2007682                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      2007682                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2076416                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2007682                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       842996                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       840802                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      2007682                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.009013                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      2379301                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      2379301                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2379360                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2379301                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1302159                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1302157                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      2379301                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.010682                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2248539                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2248539                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2248677                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2248539                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1187882                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1187875                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2248539                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.010095                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      1953468                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      1953468                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1964755                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1953468                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       937117                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       937116                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      1953468                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.008770                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1308942                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1308942                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1308942                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1308942                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       585458                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       585458                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1308942                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.005876                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      2330089                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      2330089                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2330099                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2330089                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1253267                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1253265                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      2330089                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.010461                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      2207517                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      2207517                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2207561                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2207517                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1161454                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1161453                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      2207517                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.009910                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      1935067                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      1935067                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1946007                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1935067                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       922316                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       922315                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      1935067                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.008687                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1315431                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1315431                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1315431                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1315431                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       587283                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       587283                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1315431                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.005905                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      8826118                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      8826118                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9080961                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8826118                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4507433                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4500266                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      8826118                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.039624                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      9071595                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      9071595                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9198828                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9071595                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4619288                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4617299                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      9071595                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.040726                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      6315512                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      6315512                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6560789                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6315512                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2592797                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2579356                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      6315512                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.028353                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      6635531                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      6635531                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6794330                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6635531                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2740253                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2736323                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      6635530                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.029789                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    13186705     29.23%     29.23% |    29129071     64.58%     93.81% |     2790440      6.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     45106216                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    13186707     29.23%     29.23% |    29129072     64.58%     93.81% |     2790440      6.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     45106219                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   428923669                       |   785107925                       |    66490070                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   925463484                       |   138162510                       |     2790440                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   32.526978                       |   26.952728                       |   23.827809                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   70.181557                       |    4.743114                       |           1                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    28.389029                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    23.642339                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         52.031367                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.003292                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.073174      7.22%      7.22% |    0.072991      7.20%     14.42% |    0.072739      7.17%     21.59% |    0.072760      7.18%     28.77% |    0.164086     16.18%     44.95% |    0.163911     16.17%     61.11% |    0.164087     16.18%     77.30% |    0.163871     16.16%     93.46% |    0.016579      1.64%     95.09% |    0.016582      1.64%     96.73% |    0.016581      1.64%     98.36% |    0.016580      1.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.013941                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.025358                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.019493                       |    0.000000                       |    0.037159                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005209                       |    0.003133                       |    0.003091                       |    0.003117                       |    0.003094                       |    0.003095                       |    0.003087                       |    0.003070                       |    0.003081                       |    0.003144                       |    0.003152                       |    0.003126                       |    0.003110                       |    0.003096                       |    0.003068                       |    0.003076                       |    0.003113                       |    0.003100                       |    0.003106                       |    0.003099                       |    0.003091                       |    0.003173                       |    0.003109                       |    0.003081                       |    0.003091                       |    0.003106                       |    0.003086                       |    0.003105                       |    0.003107                       |    0.003120                       |    0.003191                       |    0.003224                       |    0.008874                       |    0.008690                       |    0.008694                       |    0.008683                       |    0.000108                       |           0                       |    0.001954                       |    0.004572                       |    0.002618                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002804                       |    0.000109                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003199                       |    0.004569                       |           0                       |    0.002795                       |           0                       |    0.006870                       |    0.006279                       |    0.004564                       |           0                       |    0.002811                       |    0.006190                       |           0                       |    0.013678                       |    0.011603                       |    0.005342                       |    0.056149                       |    0.002801                       |    0.002618                       |    0.017627                       |    0.023418                       |    0.010631                       |           0                       |    0.002818                       |           0                       |    0.012407                       |    0.016904                       |    0.008266                       |           0                       |    0.002803                       |    0.006010                       |           0                       |    0.012202                       |    0.013622                       |    0.006089                       |           0                       |    0.002818                       |           0                       |    0.006217                       |    0.006812                       |    0.005650                       |           0                       |    0.002802                       |           0                       |    0.003091                       |    0.004567                       |           0                       |    0.002865                       |           0                       |    0.000613                       |    0.003173                       |    0.003443                       |           0                       |    0.002828                       |           0                       |    0.000551                       |    0.002298                       |    0.006317                       |    0.003445                       |           0                       |    0.002800                       |           0                       |    0.003736                       |    0.004559                       |    0.008664                       |    0.004277                       |    0.021392                       |    0.004316                       |    0.001954                       |    0.046366                       |    0.008534                       |    0.012514                       |    0.004531                       |    0.000000                       |    0.002825                       |    0.004572                       |    0.001657                       |    0.014774                       |    0.009053                       |    0.004502                       |           0                       |    0.002793                       |           0                       |    0.005794                       |    0.007816                       |    0.004495                       |    0.005050                       |           0                       |    0.002814                       |           0                       |    0.001657                       |    0.006216                       |    0.002238                       |    0.004519                       |           0                       |    0.002809                       |           0                       |    0.000558                       |    0.003106                       |    0.003438                       |           0                       |    0.002812                       |           0                       |    0.000054                       |    0.003109                       |    0.002796                       |           0                       |    0.002834                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002218                       |    0.006261                       |    0.002779                       |           0                       |    0.002882                       |    0.006012                       |           0                       |    0.000748                       |    0.004387                       |    0.011540                       |    0.002784                       |           0                       |    0.002797                       |           0                       |    0.038883                       |    0.003685                       |    0.002166                       |    0.002815                       |           0                       |    0.002788                       |           0                       |    0.001083                       |    0.012422                       |    0.002914                       |    0.002797                       |           0                       |    0.002882                       |    0.006007                       |           0                       |    0.001496                       |    0.012265                       |    0.004328                       |    0.002812                       |           0                       |    0.002791                       |           0                       |    0.001083                       |    0.006182                       |    0.002164                       |    0.002809                       |           0                       |    0.002801                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003086                       |    0.002800                       |           0                       |    0.002796                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003081                       |           0                       |    0.002779                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.006149                       |           0                       |    0.002784                       |           0                       |    0.002244                       |           0                       |    0.008477                       |           0                       |    0.002815                       |           0                       |    0.018767                       |    0.001496                       |    0.001494                       |           0                       |    0.002797                       |           0                       |    0.000000                       |    0.010168                       |    0.002242                       |           0                       |    0.002812                       |           0                       |    0.003737                       |    0.007816                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002809                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.006204                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002800                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003105                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.013941                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        10257093                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     10257093                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       343490                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      7287064                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         6758782                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     92.750414                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         1324974                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30811                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             19667054                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              73453                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            20537255                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            138621                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         19740507                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        20675876                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  40204309                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  212074                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              40416383                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits             12408475                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9547                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses         12418022                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                  12408475                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9547                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses              12418022                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                218998295                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     40301913                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               70705475                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            10257093                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      8083756                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             173461241                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          787290                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             142126                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       179560                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       296108                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3055                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       335603                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          12407870                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        189716                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3807                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    215113251                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.571673                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.810567                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        190544622     88.58%     88.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          2921967      1.36%     89.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          2930431      1.36%     91.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1078957      0.50%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          5119635      2.38%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          1296107      0.60%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          2638057      1.23%     96.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           500564      0.23%     96.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          8082911      3.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    215113251                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.046836                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.322859                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         12831809                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     185608500                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6299420                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       9979870                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         393645                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      119384885                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         393645                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         16226900                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       112240316                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     10713473                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          12194612                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      63344298                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      117815882                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         59377                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       17427523                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         452544                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       42476240                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    116760784                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     278446155                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    185826594                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          350                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     105583959                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         11176810                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       292882                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       296602                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          61068762                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     12066912                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     20853947                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      5206996                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      5065578                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          115556163                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1280828                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         121626371                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       270954                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      8356981                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     13332154                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        96594                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    215113251                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565406                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.247663                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    160662975     74.69%     74.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26184064     12.17%     86.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      9783017      4.55%     91.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7758669      3.61%     95.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4634171      2.15%     97.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3399023      1.58%     98.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2024085      0.94%     99.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       414019      0.19%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       253228      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    215113251                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          104678     10.38%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         785091     77.87%     88.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        118383     11.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       338659      0.28%      0.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      80984869     66.58%     66.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        43682      0.04%     66.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52043      0.04%     66.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           20      0.00%     66.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     66.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     66.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     66.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     66.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     66.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     66.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     66.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     66.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     66.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19491464     16.03%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     20715634     17.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      121626371                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.555376                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1008152                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.008289                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    459644818                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    125201838                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    112854359                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          281                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          403                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses          105                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      122295723                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             141                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      4632419                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1211283                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2696                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         8416                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       558638                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1813                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked     10773754                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         393645                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         8080706                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      84694727                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    116836991                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        98528                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      12066912                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     20853947                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1271973                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         195192                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      83863926                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         8416                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124077                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       283166                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       407243                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     121014371                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      19300575                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       400907                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             39854760                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          8932516                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           20554185                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.552581                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              112955675                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             112854464                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          60817734                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         107796162                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.515321                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.564192                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8542952                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1184234                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       357259                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    213697970                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506371                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.496455                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    175563680     82.16%     82.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17125794      8.01%     90.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7449200      3.49%     93.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3227469      1.51%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2231180      1.04%     96.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1767953      0.83%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       508844      0.24%     97.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       904494      0.42%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      4919356      2.30%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    213697970                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     63910463                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      108210456                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               31150933                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              10855625                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5684                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            8487647                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 25                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         107809198                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      1246499                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       147769      0.14%      0.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     76818621     70.99%     71.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        42368      0.04%     71.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50763      0.05%     71.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     71.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     71.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     71.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     71.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     71.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     71.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     71.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     71.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     71.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead     10855625     10.03%     81.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     20295308     18.76%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total    108210456                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       4919356                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            325399205                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           234932762                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   85650                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3885044                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3749277                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            63910463                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             108210456                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       3.426642                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 3.426642                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.291831                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.291831                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        193427459                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        82978349                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               140                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              125                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          36509896                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         27398980                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        57315242                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         289523                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean              23561594000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            23561593999.999966                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-2.14748e+09               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-6.44245e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-1.07374e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+10-1.28849e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.28849e+10-1.50324e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.50324e+10-1.71799e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.71799e+10-1.93274e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.93274e+10-2.14748e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+10-2.36223e+10            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.36223e+10-2.57698e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.57698e+10-2.79173e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.79173e+10-3.00648e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.00648e+10-3.22123e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+10-3.43597e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.43597e+10-3.65072e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.65072e+10-3.86547e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.86547e+10-4.08022e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.08022e+10-4.29497e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       8438829                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        90.593411                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       46.424998                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      127.957107                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     6675038     79.10%     79.10% |      858241     10.17%     89.27% |      464057      5.50%     94.77% |      263359      3.12%     97.89% |      128858      1.53%     99.42% |       38285      0.45%     99.87% |       10937      0.13%    100.00% |          54      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         8438829                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       8248976                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        28.780379                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       25.801015                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       14.060214                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     5139494     62.30%     62.30% |     2919207     35.39%     97.69% |      150176      1.82%     99.51% |       31304      0.38%     99.89% |        7084      0.09%     99.98% |        1419      0.02%    100.00% |         236      0.00%    100.00% |          46      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         8248976                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         17873                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.231299                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.893910                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.197464                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         659      3.69%      3.69% |        2061     11.53%     15.22% |        8169     45.71%     60.92% |        4160     23.28%     84.20% |        2780     15.55%     99.75% |          40      0.22%     99.98% |           4      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           17873                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples         10345235                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           51.780970                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           6.290950                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         137.278486                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     9498351     91.81%     91.81% |      602649      5.83%     97.64% |      187665      1.81%     99.45% |       46464      0.45%     99.90% |        8254      0.08%     99.98% |        1739      0.02%    100.00% |          95      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total           10345235                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      8577537                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.037684                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.028642                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.286803                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     8401753     97.95%     97.95% |       73067      0.85%     98.80% |       63008      0.73%     99.54% |       34701      0.40%     99.94% |        4986      0.06%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        8577537                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples      1767698                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     288.301767                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    218.369442                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    206.927545                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      920814     52.09%     52.09% |      602649     34.09%     86.18% |      187665     10.62%     96.80% |       46464      2.63%     99.43% |        8254      0.47%     99.90% |        1739      0.10%     99.99% |          95      0.01%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total       1767698                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         21014536                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           15.060202                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.678271                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          64.069544                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    20685480     98.43%     98.43% |      247255      1.18%     99.61% |       67625      0.32%     99.93% |       12045      0.06%     99.99% |        1861      0.01%    100.00% |         245      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           21014536                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     20024199                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.005598                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.004466                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.097202                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    19948923     99.62%     99.62% |       40437      0.20%     99.83% |       32912      0.16%     99.99% |        1878      0.01%    100.00% |          46      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       20024199                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       990337                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     258.799250                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    220.022477                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    157.344602                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      661281     66.77%     66.77% |      247255     24.97%     91.74% |       67625      6.83%     98.57% |       12045      1.22%     99.78% |        1861      0.19%     99.97% |         245      0.02%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        990337                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples     12401525                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        3.843776                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.098775                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      10.303985                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |    12386308     99.88%     99.88% |       12199      0.10%     99.98% |        2701      0.02%    100.00% |          68      0.00%    100.00% |         103      0.00%    100.00% |         124      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total       12401525                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples     12277453                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    12277453    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total     12277453                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       124072                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    87.339005                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    76.446108                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    59.753484                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      108855     87.74%     87.74% |       12199      9.83%     97.57% |        2701      2.18%     99.74% |          68      0.05%     99.80% |         103      0.08%     99.88% |         124      0.10%     99.98% |          21      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       124072                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       227264                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     10.032539                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.745642                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    34.448738                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      223226     98.22%     98.22% |        3114      1.37%     99.59% |         788      0.35%     99.94% |          71      0.03%     99.97% |          29      0.01%     99.98% |          29      0.01%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       227264                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       212343                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000466                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000402                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.021587                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      212244     99.95%     99.95% |          99      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       212343                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        14921                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   110.107030                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    88.034203                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    85.771880                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       10883     72.94%     72.94% |        3114     20.87%     93.81% |         788      5.28%     99.09% |          71      0.48%     99.56% |          29      0.19%     99.76% |          29      0.19%     99.95% |           7      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        14921                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.254601                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.423135                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.768155                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         624     95.71%     95.71% |          18      2.76%     98.47% |           5      0.77%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           3      0.46%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         624    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    78.785714                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    64.782348                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    61.005985                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          18     64.29%     64.29% |           5     17.86%     82.14% |           0      0.00%     82.14% |           0      0.00%     82.14% |           3     10.71%     92.86% |           1      3.57%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         652    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         652    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks       368448                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      6960145                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        66902                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                   725495                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                1945129                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                  1755681                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses              2670624                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                23181728                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                 1949728                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                 720896                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits               479593                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses            1470135                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits              245902                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses            474994                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                     1024                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles               46979285                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                   16384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles              22404748                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles           83026927                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              9894018                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time         22404748                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time      41946115                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         9894018                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time           32249820                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         175716444                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles         41510439                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0            368448                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1             66902                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2            146784                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles         5490054                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      329714     25.39%     25.39% |      322932     24.87%     50.26% |      323089     24.88%     75.15% |      322690     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1298425                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      180362     25.70%     25.70% |      173776     24.77%     50.47% |      173803     24.77%     75.24% |      173729     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       701670                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      329739     25.39%     25.39% |      322932     24.87%     50.27% |      323089     24.88%     75.15% |      322689     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1298449                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      186179     25.68%     25.68% |      179597     24.77%     50.45% |      179629     24.78%     75.23% |      179556     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       724961                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6000     25.00%     25.00% |        6000     25.00%     50.00% |        6000     25.00%     75.00% |        6000     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24000                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      141160     25.03%     25.03% |      140964     24.99%     50.02% |      141094     25.02%     75.04% |      140769     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       563987                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      329714     25.39%     25.39% |      322932     24.87%     50.26% |      323089     24.88%     75.15% |      322690     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1298425                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5817     24.98%     24.98% |        5821     24.99%     49.97% |        5826     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23291                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5817     24.98%     24.98% |        5821     24.99%     49.97% |        5826     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23291                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      180126     25.70%     25.70% |      173597     24.77%     50.47% |      173629     24.77%     75.24% |      173556     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       700908                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          709                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      141160     25.03%     25.03% |      140964     24.99%     50.02% |      141094     25.02%     75.04% |      140769     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       563987                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      329714     25.39%     25.39% |      322932     24.87%     50.26% |      323089     24.88%     75.15% |      322689     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1298424                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      180126     25.70%     25.70% |      173597     24.77%     50.47% |      173629     24.77%     75.24% |      173556     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       700908                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          709                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          709                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     8396516     80.55%     80.55% |          18      0.00%     80.55% |     2027367     19.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     10423901                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    12401583    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total     12401583                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    20522316     96.49%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |      746176      3.51%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     21268492                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       17853     99.90%     99.90% |          18      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        17871                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      807347     25.68%     25.68% |           0      0.00%     25.68% |     2337114     74.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      3144461                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      188860     10.69%     10.69% |          16      0.00%     10.69% |     1578403     89.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      1767279                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      623557     55.19%     55.19% |           0      0.00%     55.19% |      506197     44.81%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1129754                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      685117     24.74%     24.74% |           0      0.00%     24.74% |     2084088     75.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      2769205                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      188280     10.66%     10.66% |           9      0.00%     10.66% |     1578403     89.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      1766692                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      121017    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       121017                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      498946     49.64%     49.64% |           0      0.00%     49.64% |      506197     50.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1005143                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11051    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11051                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         998     99.11%     99.11% |           9      0.89%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         1007                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        3057    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         3057                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |         122    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total          122                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1729    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1729                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        8207    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total         8207                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    12277453    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     12277453                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        4061     99.95%     99.95% |           2      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         4063                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      120374    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       120374                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     3232840     89.70%     89.70% |           0      0.00%     89.70% |      371293     10.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      3604133                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       35605    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        35605                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        2360     99.33%     99.33% |          16      0.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         2376                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      150813      8.72%      8.72% |           0      0.00%      8.72% |     1578162     91.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      1728975                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     4965197    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      4965197                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    19987514     98.94%     98.94% |           0      0.00%     98.94% |      214699      1.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     20202213                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         381    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          381                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      534304     51.36%     51.36% |           0      0.00%     51.36% |      505926     48.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1040230                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         119      0.06%      0.06% |           0      0.00%      0.06% |      194659     99.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total       194778                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      188860     10.69%     10.69% |          16      0.00%     10.69% |     1578403     89.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      1767279                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      124489    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       124489                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |           8      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       58367     99.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total        58375                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      499068     49.65%     49.65% |           0      0.00%     49.65% |      506197     50.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1005265                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |         994      1.26%      1.26% |           0      0.00%      1.26% |       77671     98.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total        78665                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           56                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         108      0.43%      0.43% |           0      0.00%      0.43% |       25280     99.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total        25388                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      685117     24.74%     24.74% |           0      0.00%     24.74% |     2084088     75.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      2769205                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3870      3.12%      3.12% |        3697      2.98%      6.10% |        3450      2.78%      8.87% |        3504      2.82%     11.70% |        3480      2.80%     14.50% |        3981      3.21%     17.71% |        3705      2.98%     20.69% |        3318      2.67%     23.36% |        3527      2.84%     26.21% |        5135      4.14%     30.34% |        3892      3.14%     33.48% |        3805      3.07%     36.54% |        3506      2.82%     39.37% |        4411      3.55%     42.92% |        3841      3.09%     46.01% |        3804      3.06%     49.08% |        4145      3.34%     52.42% |        4173      3.36%     55.78% |        3673      2.96%     58.74% |        3357      2.70%     61.44% |        3082      2.48%     63.92% |        3761      3.03%     66.95% |        3539      2.85%     69.80% |        3386      2.73%     72.53% |        3614      2.91%     75.44% |        3747      3.02%     78.46% |        3264      2.63%     81.09% |        4629      3.73%     84.82% |        4012      3.23%     88.05% |        5253      4.23%     92.28% |        5123      4.13%     96.41% |        4457      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       124141                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      115400      6.53%      6.53% |       54210      3.07%      9.59% |       53062      3.00%     12.60% |       53823      3.04%     15.64% |       53213      3.01%     18.65% |       52985      3.00%     21.65% |       52583      2.97%     24.62% |       52585      2.97%     27.60% |       52649      2.98%     30.58% |       52980      3.00%     33.57% |       55066      3.12%     36.69% |       54140      3.06%     39.75% |       53571      3.03%     42.78% |       52737      2.98%     45.76% |       52224      2.95%     48.72% |       52459      2.97%     51.69% |       53365      3.02%     54.70% |       52927      2.99%     57.70% |       53197      3.01%     60.71% |       53275      3.01%     63.72% |       53345      3.02%     66.74% |       54701      3.09%     69.83% |       53622      3.03%     72.87% |       52641      2.98%     75.85% |       52823      2.99%     78.83% |       53269      3.01%     81.85% |       52770      2.99%     84.83% |       52497      2.97%     87.80% |       53224      3.01%     90.81% |       52644      2.98%     93.79% |       53253      3.01%     96.80% |       56518      3.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total      1767758                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       40285      4.01%      4.01% |       31223      3.11%      7.11% |       30959      3.08%     10.19% |       31151      3.10%     13.29% |       30945      3.08%     16.37% |       30814      3.07%     19.43% |       31142      3.10%     22.53% |       30809      3.06%     25.60% |       30927      3.08%     28.67% |       31607      3.14%     31.82% |       30846      3.07%     34.89% |       30912      3.07%     37.96% |       31123      3.10%     41.06% |       30687      3.05%     44.11% |       30654      3.05%     47.16% |       30744      3.06%     50.22% |       30892      3.07%     53.29% |       30846      3.07%     56.36% |       31196      3.10%     59.46% |       31154      3.10%     62.56% |       31012      3.08%     65.64% |       32130      3.20%     68.84% |       30997      3.08%     71.92% |       31091      3.09%     75.02% |       31073      3.09%     78.11% |       31044      3.09%     81.20% |       31200      3.10%     84.30% |       31128      3.10%     87.40% |       30954      3.08%     90.47% |       31011      3.08%     93.56% |       33134      3.30%     96.85% |       31618      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1005308                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           4     19.05%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           5     23.81%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           4     19.05%     71.43% |           2      9.52%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           2      9.52%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      155427      5.61%      5.61% |       85318      3.08%      8.69% |       83906      3.03%     11.72% |       84855      3.06%     14.79% |       84056      3.04%     17.82% |       83618      3.02%     20.84% |       83629      3.02%     23.86% |       83308      3.01%     26.87% |       83478      3.01%     29.89% |       84502      3.05%     32.94% |       85763      3.10%     36.03% |       84943      3.07%     39.10% |       84598      3.05%     42.16% |       83322      3.01%     45.16% |       82759      2.99%     48.15% |       83114      3.00%     51.15% |       84174      3.04%     54.19% |       83673      3.02%     57.22% |       84252      3.04%     60.26% |       84330      3.05%     63.30% |       84217      3.04%     66.34% |       86609      3.13%     69.47% |       84489      3.05%     72.52% |       83639      3.02%     75.54% |       83794      3.03%     78.57% |       84207      3.04%     81.61% |       83876      3.03%     84.64% |       83516      3.02%     87.65% |       84075      3.04%     90.69% |       83549      3.02%     93.71% |       86270      3.12%     96.82% |       87971      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      2769237                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       28194      4.02%      4.02% |       21681      3.09%      7.12% |       21701      3.10%     10.22% |       21693      3.10%     13.31% |       21675      3.09%     16.41% |       21678      3.09%     19.50% |       21680      3.09%     22.59% |       21684      3.09%     25.69% |       21699      3.10%     28.79% |       21698      3.10%     31.88% |       21712      3.10%     34.98% |       21697      3.10%     38.08% |       21680      3.09%     41.17% |       21684      3.09%     44.27% |       21677      3.09%     47.36% |       21679      3.09%     50.46% |       21708      3.10%     53.55% |       21695      3.10%     56.65% |       21698      3.10%     59.75% |       21695      3.10%     62.84% |       21679      3.09%     65.94% |       21705      3.10%     69.04% |       21697      3.10%     72.13% |       21694      3.10%     75.23% |       21709      3.10%     78.33% |       21704      3.10%     81.42% |       21705      3.10%     84.52% |       21687      3.10%     87.62% |       21699      3.10%     90.72% |       21680      3.09%     93.81% |       21686      3.10%     96.90% |       21687      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       700640                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       17848      3.16%      3.16% |       17612      3.12%      6.28% |       17686      3.13%      9.42% |       17614      3.12%     12.54% |       17605      3.12%     15.66% |       17598      3.12%     18.78% |       17594      3.12%     21.90% |       17633      3.13%     25.02% |       17646      3.13%     28.15% |       17632      3.12%     31.27% |       17703      3.14%     34.41% |       17613      3.12%     37.53% |       17681      3.13%     40.67% |       17667      3.13%     43.80% |       17667      3.13%     46.93% |       17603      3.12%     50.05% |       17609      3.12%     53.17% |       17609      3.12%     56.29% |       17632      3.12%     59.41% |       17576      3.11%     62.53% |       17628      3.12%     65.65% |       17684      3.13%     68.79% |       17639      3.13%     71.91% |       17558      3.11%     75.03% |       17609      3.12%     78.15% |       17639      3.13%     81.27% |       17633      3.13%     84.40% |       17540      3.11%     87.51% |       17617      3.12%     90.63% |       17595      3.12%     93.75% |       17613      3.12%     96.87% |       17672      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       564255                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       47153      3.63%      3.63% |       40341      3.11%      6.74% |       40433      3.11%      9.85% |       40353      3.11%     12.96% |       40324      3.11%     16.07% |       40321      3.11%     19.17% |       40320      3.11%     22.28% |       40363      3.11%     25.39% |       40391      3.11%     28.50% |       40377      3.11%     31.61% |       40460      3.12%     34.72% |       40355      3.11%     37.83% |       40406      3.11%     40.94% |       40396      3.11%     44.05% |       40389      3.11%     47.16% |       40327      3.11%     50.27% |       40362      3.11%     53.38% |       40350      3.11%     56.49% |       40376      3.11%     59.60% |       40317      3.11%     62.70% |       40353      3.11%     65.81% |       40436      3.11%     68.92% |       40382      3.11%     72.03% |       40297      3.10%     75.14% |       40364      3.11%     78.24% |       40390      3.11%     81.36% |       40384      3.11%     84.47% |       40271      3.10%     87.57% |       40361      3.11%     90.68% |       40321      3.11%     93.78% |       40345      3.11%     96.89% |       40406      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1298424                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       46129      3.64%      3.64% |       39317      3.11%      6.75% |       39409      3.11%      9.86% |       39329      3.11%     12.97% |       39300      3.11%     16.08% |       39297      3.10%     19.18% |       39296      3.10%     22.29% |       39339      3.11%     25.40% |       39367      3.11%     28.51% |       39353      3.11%     31.61% |       39436      3.12%     34.73% |       39331      3.11%     37.84% |       39382      3.11%     40.95% |       39372      3.11%     44.06% |       39365      3.11%     47.17% |       39303      3.11%     50.28% |       39338      3.11%     53.38% |       39326      3.11%     56.49% |       39352      3.11%     59.60% |       39293      3.10%     62.71% |       39329      3.11%     65.81% |       39412      3.11%     68.93% |       39358      3.11%     72.04% |       39273      3.10%     75.14% |       39340      3.11%     78.25% |       39366      3.11%     81.36% |       39360      3.11%     84.47% |       39247      3.10%     87.57% |       39337      3.11%     90.68% |       39297      3.10%     93.78% |       39321      3.11%     96.89% |       39382      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1265656                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          67     17.49%     17.49% |          12      3.13%     20.63% |          22      5.74%     26.37% |          14      3.66%     30.03% |           6      1.57%     31.59% |           5      1.31%     32.90% |           0      0.00%     32.90% |           2      0.52%     33.42% |          14      3.66%     37.08% |           1      0.26%     37.34% |          16      4.18%     41.51% |           2      0.52%     42.04% |           7      1.83%     43.86% |           2      0.52%     44.39% |           0      0.00%     44.39% |           0      0.00%     44.39% |           1      0.26%     44.65% |           5      1.31%     45.95% |           9      2.35%     48.30% |          12      3.13%     51.44% |          29      7.57%     59.01% |          35      9.14%     68.15% |           8      2.09%     70.23% |           6      1.57%     71.80% |          10      2.61%     74.41% |          12      3.13%     77.55% |          14      3.66%     81.20% |          14      3.66%     84.86% |          15      3.92%     88.77% |          18      4.70%     93.47% |          24      6.27%     99.74% |           1      0.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          383                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         619      3.54%      3.54% |         489      2.80%      6.34% |         520      2.97%      9.31% |         489      2.80%     12.11% |         495      2.83%     14.94% |         499      2.85%     17.79% |         502      2.87%     20.66% |         541      3.09%     23.75% |         530      3.03%     26.78% |         524      3.00%     29.78% |         571      3.27%     33.05% |         552      3.16%     36.20% |         581      3.32%     39.52% |         576      3.29%     42.82% |         571      3.27%     46.08% |         559      3.20%     49.28% |         570      3.26%     52.54% |         575      3.29%     55.83% |         559      3.20%     59.02% |         530      3.03%     62.05% |         516      2.95%     65.00% |         594      3.40%     68.40% |         548      3.13%     71.53% |         524      3.00%     74.53% |         559      3.20%     77.73% |         599      3.43%     81.15% |         564      3.23%     84.38% |         520      2.97%     87.35% |         544      3.11%     90.46% |         541      3.09%     93.56% |         544      3.11%     96.67% |         583      3.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        17488                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      155648      5.61%      5.61% |       85412      3.08%      8.69% |       84016      3.03%     11.72% |       84944      3.06%     14.79% |       84141      3.03%     17.82% |       83718      3.02%     20.84% |       83711      3.02%     23.86% |       83385      3.01%     26.87% |       83574      3.01%     29.88% |       84586      3.05%     32.93% |       85890      3.10%     36.03% |       85040      3.07%     39.10% |       84691      3.05%     42.15% |       83422      3.01%     45.16% |       82855      2.99%     48.15% |       83199      3.00%     51.15% |       84253      3.04%     54.19% |       83763      3.02%     57.21% |       84336      3.04%     60.25% |       84418      3.04%     63.30% |       84330      3.04%     66.34% |       86768      3.13%     69.47% |       84611      3.05%     72.52% |       83727      3.02%     75.54% |       83890      3.03%     78.57% |       84305      3.04%     81.61% |       83970      3.03%     84.64% |       83619      3.02%     87.65% |       84177      3.04%     90.69% |       83654      3.02%     93.71% |       86383      3.12%     96.82% |       88129      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2772565                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         174     11.42%     11.42% |          48      3.15%     14.57% |          44      2.89%     17.45% |          44      2.89%     20.34% |          40      2.62%     22.97% |          42      2.76%     25.72% |          44      2.89%     28.61% |          44      2.89%     31.50% |          44      2.89%     34.38% |          46      3.02%     37.40% |          42      2.76%     40.16% |          42      2.76%     42.91% |          42      2.76%     45.67% |          42      2.76%     48.43% |          42      2.76%     51.18% |          42      2.76%     53.94% |          42      2.76%     56.69% |          44      2.89%     59.58% |          44      2.89%     62.47% |          44      2.89%     65.35% |          44      2.89%     68.24% |          46      3.02%     71.26% |          44      2.89%     74.15% |          42      2.76%     76.90% |          44      2.89%     79.79% |          46      3.02%     82.81% |          44      2.89%     85.70% |          42      2.76%     88.45% |          42      2.76%     91.21% |          44      2.89%     94.09% |          44      2.89%     96.98% |          46      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1524                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         485      3.21%      3.21% |         424      2.81%      6.02% |         447      2.96%      8.98% |         430      2.85%     11.83% |         435      2.88%     14.71% |         417      2.76%     17.48% |         435      2.88%     20.36% |         483      3.20%     23.56% |         465      3.08%     26.64% |         460      3.05%     29.69% |         478      3.17%     32.85% |         473      3.13%     35.99% |         513      3.40%     39.38% |         497      3.29%     42.68% |         489      3.24%     45.92% |         494      3.27%     49.19% |         513      3.40%     52.59% |         509      3.37%     55.96% |         500      3.31%     59.27% |         473      3.13%     62.40% |         450      2.98%     65.39% |         490      3.25%     68.63% |         451      2.99%     71.62% |         458      3.03%     74.65% |         489      3.24%     77.89% |         524      3.47%     81.36% |         501      3.32%     84.68% |         449      2.97%     87.66% |         472      3.13%     90.79% |         475      3.15%     93.93% |         474      3.14%     97.07% |         442      2.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        15095                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       24651      4.24%      4.24% |       17966      3.09%      7.34% |       18031      3.10%     10.44% |       17963      3.09%     13.54% |       17949      3.09%     16.63% |       17953      3.09%     19.72% |       17934      3.09%     22.81% |       17937      3.09%     25.89% |       17963      3.09%     28.99% |       17963      3.09%     32.08% |       18044      3.11%     35.19% |       17919      3.09%     38.27% |       17942      3.09%     41.36% |       17956      3.09%     44.45% |       17959      3.09%     47.55% |       17892      3.08%     50.63% |       17899      3.08%     53.71% |       17880      3.08%     56.79% |       17918      3.09%     59.87% |       17894      3.08%     62.95% |       17931      3.09%     66.04% |       17965      3.09%     69.14% |       17987      3.10%     72.23% |       17889      3.08%     75.31% |       17915      3.08%     78.40% |       17916      3.08%     81.48% |       17919      3.09%     84.57% |       17872      3.08%     87.64% |       17942      3.09%     90.73% |       17894      3.08%     93.82% |       17899      3.08%     96.90% |       18018      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       580760                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       22017      3.13%      3.13% |       21951      3.12%      6.26% |       21955      3.12%      9.38% |       21960      3.13%     12.51% |       21940      3.12%     15.63% |       21951      3.12%     18.76% |       21951      3.12%     21.88% |       21943      3.12%     25.00% |       21963      3.13%     28.13% |       21954      3.12%     31.25% |       21938      3.12%     34.38% |       21963      3.13%     37.50% |       21951      3.12%     40.63% |       21943      3.12%     43.75% |       21941      3.12%     46.87% |       21941      3.12%     50.00% |       21950      3.12%     53.12% |       21961      3.13%     56.25% |       21958      3.13%     59.37% |       21950      3.12%     62.50% |       21972      3.13%     65.62% |       21981      3.13%     68.75% |       21944      3.12%     71.88% |       21950      3.12%     75.00% |       21960      3.13%     78.13% |       21950      3.12%     81.25% |       21964      3.13%     84.38% |       21951      3.12%     87.50% |       21947      3.12%     90.62% |       21952      3.12%     93.75% |       21972      3.13%     96.88% |       21946      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       702570                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3380      3.10%      3.10% |        3265      3.00%      6.10% |        2996      2.75%      8.85% |        3066      2.82%     11.67% |        3043      2.79%     14.47% |        3558      3.27%     17.73% |        3265      3.00%     20.73% |        2812      2.58%     23.31% |        3062      2.81%     26.13% |        4674      4.29%     30.42% |        3411      3.13%     33.55% |        3329      3.06%     36.61% |        2989      2.75%     39.35% |        3914      3.59%     42.95% |        3345      3.07%     46.02% |        3310      3.04%     49.06% |        3632      3.34%     52.40% |        3663      3.36%     55.76% |        3162      2.90%     58.67% |        2880      2.65%     61.31% |        2631      2.42%     63.73% |        3271      3.00%     66.73% |        3086      2.83%     69.57% |        2926      2.69%     72.25% |        3121      2.87%     75.12% |        3218      2.96%     78.08% |        2761      2.54%     80.61% |        4179      3.84%     84.45% |        3520      3.23%     87.68% |        4763      4.37%     92.06% |        4635      4.26%     96.31% |        4014      3.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       108881                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |          38      9.11%      9.11% |          21      5.04%     14.15% |           9      2.16%     16.31% |          31      7.43%     23.74% |          17      4.08%     27.82% |          81     19.42%     47.24% |          14      3.36%     50.60% |           9      2.16%     52.76% |           2      0.48%     53.24% |           1      0.24%     53.48% |          13      3.12%     56.59% |          12      2.88%     59.47% |           3      0.72%     60.19% |           2      0.48%     60.67% |          27      6.47%     67.15% |           2      0.48%     67.63% |           4      0.96%     68.59% |           9      2.16%     70.74% |          61     14.63%     85.37% |          13      3.12%     88.49% |           0      0.00%     88.49% |           6      1.44%     89.93% |           6      1.44%     91.37% |           4      0.96%     92.33% |           6      1.44%     93.76% |           6      1.44%     95.20% |           0      0.00%     95.20% |           6      1.44%     96.64% |           3      0.72%     97.36% |           1      0.24%     97.60% |           3      0.72%     98.32% |           7      1.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total          417                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      4.00%      4.00% |           4     16.00%     20.00% |           2      8.00%     28.00% |           4     16.00%     44.00% |           1      4.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           1      4.00%     52.00% |           1      4.00%     56.00% |           0      0.00%     56.00% |           4     16.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           5     20.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           1      4.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           1      4.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           25                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           4     19.05%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           5     23.81%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           4     19.05%     71.43% |           2      9.52%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           2      9.52%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     11.11%     11.11% |           1      5.56%     16.67% |           1      5.56%     22.22% |           1      5.56%     27.78% |           2     11.11%     38.89% |           1      5.56%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      5.56%     50.00% |           1      5.56%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      5.56%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           1      5.56%     77.78% |           3     16.67%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         487      3.23%      3.23% |         425      2.82%      6.04% |         446      2.95%      9.00% |         431      2.86%     11.85% |         434      2.88%     14.73% |         419      2.78%     17.50% |         438      2.90%     20.41% |         483      3.20%     23.61% |         465      3.08%     26.69% |         458      3.03%     29.72% |         478      3.17%     32.89% |         475      3.15%     36.03% |         511      3.39%     39.42% |         497      3.29%     42.71% |         489      3.24%     45.95% |         492      3.26%     49.21% |         511      3.39%     52.60% |         508      3.37%     55.96% |         500      3.31%     59.28% |         472      3.13%     62.40% |         450      2.98%     65.38% |         489      3.24%     68.62% |         453      3.00%     71.62% |         460      3.05%     74.67% |         491      3.25%     77.93% |         528      3.50%     81.42% |         502      3.33%     84.75% |         447      2.96%     87.71% |         469      3.11%     90.82% |         473      3.13%     93.95% |         471      3.12%     97.07% |         442      2.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        15094                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      5.15%      5.15% |           8      8.25%     13.40% |           7      7.22%     20.62% |           8      8.25%     28.87% |           2      2.06%     30.93% |           6      6.19%     37.11% |           5      5.15%     42.27% |           1      1.03%     43.30% |           0      0.00%     43.30% |           1      1.03%     44.33% |           3      3.09%     47.42% |           3      3.09%     50.52% |           4      4.12%     54.64% |           0      0.00%     54.64% |           7      7.22%     61.86% |           0      0.00%     61.86% |           0      0.00%     61.86% |           1      1.03%     62.89% |          11     11.34%     74.23% |           4      4.12%     78.35% |           1      1.03%     79.38% |           0      0.00%     79.38% |           2      2.06%     81.44% |           2      2.06%     83.51% |           4      4.12%     87.63% |           5      5.15%     92.78% |           2      2.06%     94.85% |           1      1.03%     95.88% |           2      2.06%     97.94% |           0      0.00%     97.94% |           1      1.03%     98.97% |           1      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           97                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       90711      7.65%      7.65% |       36223      3.05%     10.70% |       35022      2.95%     13.65% |       35829      3.02%     16.67% |       35247      2.97%     19.64% |       34951      2.95%     22.59% |       34635      2.92%     25.50% |       34639      2.92%     28.42% |       34684      2.92%     31.35% |       35016      2.95%     34.30% |       37000      3.12%     37.42% |       36209      3.05%     40.47% |       35626      3.00%     43.47% |       34779      2.93%     46.40% |       34237      2.89%     49.29% |       34563      2.91%     52.20% |       35462      2.99%     55.19% |       35037      2.95%     58.14% |       35218      2.97%     61.11% |       35368      2.98%     64.09% |       35414      2.98%     67.08% |       36689      3.09%     70.17% |       35627      3.00%     73.17% |       34747      2.93%     76.10% |       34902      2.94%     79.04% |       35345      2.98%     82.02% |       34851      2.94%     84.96% |       34618      2.92%     87.87% |       35279      2.97%     90.85% |       34749      2.93%     93.78% |       35349      2.98%     96.76% |       38493      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total      1186519                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       18267      6.04%      6.04% |        9268      3.06%      9.10% |        9002      2.97%     12.07% |        9187      3.04%     15.11% |        9004      2.97%     18.08% |        8863      2.93%     21.01% |        9191      3.04%     24.05% |        8866      2.93%     26.98% |        8964      2.96%     29.94% |        9652      3.19%     33.13% |        8907      2.94%     36.07% |        8949      2.96%     39.03% |        9168      3.03%     42.06% |        8744      2.89%     44.94% |        8713      2.88%     47.82% |        8803      2.91%     50.73% |        8942      2.95%     53.69% |        8885      2.94%     56.62% |        9233      3.05%     59.67% |        9204      3.04%     62.71% |        9013      2.98%     65.69% |       10133      3.35%     69.04% |        9053      2.99%     72.03% |        9141      3.02%     75.05% |        9112      3.01%     78.06% |        9094      3.00%     81.06% |        9235      3.05%     84.12% |        9177      3.03%     87.15% |        9007      2.98%     90.12% |        9059      2.99%     93.12% |       11162      3.69%     96.80% |        9672      3.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       302670                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       28191      4.02%      4.02% |       21671      3.09%      7.12% |       21696      3.10%     10.22% |       21690      3.10%     13.31% |       21672      3.09%     16.41% |       21674      3.09%     19.50% |       21678      3.09%     22.59% |       21683      3.10%     25.69% |       21697      3.10%     28.79% |       21696      3.10%     31.88% |       21701      3.10%     34.98% |       21697      3.10%     38.08% |       21679      3.09%     41.17% |       21684      3.10%     44.27% |       21676      3.09%     47.36% |       21679      3.09%     50.46% |       21708      3.10%     53.56% |       21694      3.10%     56.65% |       21695      3.10%     59.75% |       21688      3.10%     62.85% |       21675      3.09%     65.94% |       21698      3.10%     69.04% |       21690      3.10%     72.13% |       21693      3.10%     75.23% |       21703      3.10%     78.33% |       21698      3.10%     81.43% |       21702      3.10%     84.52% |       21682      3.10%     87.62% |       21692      3.10%     90.72% |       21673      3.09%     93.81% |       21682      3.10%     96.91% |       21676      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       700513                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       17219      3.15%      3.15% |       17121      3.13%      6.28% |       17149      3.14%      9.42% |       17114      3.13%     12.55% |       17107      3.13%     15.68% |       17098      3.13%     18.81% |       17094      3.13%     21.94% |       17091      3.13%     25.06% |       17104      3.13%     28.19% |       17109      3.13%     31.32% |       17127      3.13%     34.46% |       17059      3.12%     37.58% |       17094      3.13%     40.71% |       17089      3.13%     43.83% |       17097      3.13%     46.96% |       17044      3.12%     50.08% |       17038      3.12%     53.20% |       17030      3.12%     56.31% |       17067      3.12%     59.43% |       17041      3.12%     62.55% |       17087      3.13%     65.68% |       17062      3.12%     68.80% |       17090      3.13%     71.93% |       17029      3.12%     75.04% |       17046      3.12%     78.16% |       17036      3.12%     81.28% |       17058      3.12%     84.40% |       17011      3.11%     87.51% |       17065      3.12%     90.63% |       17043      3.12%     93.75% |       17049      3.12%     96.87% |       17099      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       546567                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          33      4.66%      4.66% |          24      3.39%      8.05% |          22      3.11%     11.16% |          22      3.11%     14.27% |          20      2.82%     17.09% |          21      2.97%     20.06% |          22      3.11%     23.16% |          22      3.11%     26.27% |          22      3.11%     29.38% |          23      3.25%     32.63% |          21      2.97%     35.59% |          21      2.97%     38.56% |          21      2.97%     41.53% |          21      2.97%     44.49% |          21      2.97%     47.46% |          21      2.97%     50.42% |          21      2.97%     53.39% |          22      3.11%     56.50% |          22      3.11%     59.60% |          22      3.11%     62.71% |          22      3.11%     65.82% |          23      3.25%     69.07% |          22      3.11%     72.18% |          21      2.97%     75.14% |          22      3.11%     78.25% |          23      3.25%     81.50% |          22      3.11%     84.60% |          21      2.97%     87.57% |          21      2.97%     90.54% |          22      3.11%     93.64% |          22      3.11%     96.75% |          23      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      155426      5.61%      5.61% |       85318      3.08%      8.69% |       83903      3.03%     11.72% |       84855      3.06%     14.79% |       84056      3.04%     17.82% |       83615      3.02%     20.84% |       83629      3.02%     23.86% |       83306      3.01%     26.87% |       83477      3.01%     29.89% |       84501      3.05%     32.94% |       85763      3.10%     36.03% |       84942      3.07%     39.10% |       84597      3.05%     42.16% |       83322      3.01%     45.16% |       82756      2.99%     48.15% |       83113      3.00%     51.15% |       84174      3.04%     54.19% |       83673      3.02%     57.22% |       84252      3.04%     60.26% |       84330      3.05%     63.30% |       84216      3.04%     66.34% |       86608      3.13%     69.47% |       84488      3.05%     72.52% |       83638      3.02%     75.54% |       83793      3.03%     78.57% |       84207      3.04%     81.61% |       83875      3.03%     84.64% |       83515      3.02%     87.66% |       84070      3.04%     90.69% |       83549      3.02%     93.71% |       86268      3.12%     96.82% |       87970      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      2769205                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           3      2.75%      2.75% |           8      7.34%     10.09% |           4      3.67%     13.76% |           2      1.83%     15.60% |           2      1.83%     17.43% |           2      1.83%     19.27% |           1      0.92%     20.18% |           1      0.92%     21.10% |           2      1.83%     22.94% |           1      0.92%     23.85% |          10      9.17%     33.03% |           0      0.00%     33.03% |           0      0.00%     33.03% |           0      0.00%     33.03% |           0      0.00%     33.03% |           0      0.00%     33.03% |           0      0.00%     33.03% |           1      0.92%     33.94% |           2      1.83%     35.78% |           7      6.42%     42.20% |           4      3.67%     45.87% |           7      6.42%     52.29% |           7      6.42%     58.72% |           1      0.92%     59.63% |           5      4.59%     64.22% |           3      2.75%     66.97% |           3      2.75%     69.72% |           5      4.59%     74.31% |           7      6.42%     80.73% |           7      6.42%     87.16% |           4      3.67%     90.83% |          10      9.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          109                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |         142      5.47%      5.47% |          66      2.54%      8.02% |          91      3.51%     11.53% |          69      2.66%     14.19% |          64      2.47%     16.65% |          81      3.12%     19.78% |          62      2.39%     22.17% |          59      2.27%     24.44% |          77      2.97%     27.41% |          65      2.51%     29.92% |          98      3.78%     33.69% |          79      3.05%     36.74% |          76      2.93%     39.67% |          81      3.12%     42.79% |          81      3.12%     45.91% |          67      2.58%     48.50% |          60      2.31%     50.81% |          71      2.74%     53.55% |          65      2.51%     56.05% |          63      2.43%     58.48% |          91      3.51%     61.99% |         133      5.13%     67.12% |          96      3.70%     70.82% |          69      2.66%     73.48% |          72      2.78%     76.25% |          75      2.89%     79.14% |          73      2.81%     81.96% |          82      3.16%     85.12% |          83      3.20%     88.32% |          79      3.05%     91.36% |          93      3.59%     94.95% |         131      5.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         2594                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          22     32.84%     32.84% |           0      0.00%     32.84% |           0      0.00%     32.84% |           0      0.00%     32.84% |           0      0.00%     32.84% |           0      0.00%     32.84% |           0      0.00%     32.84% |           0      0.00%     32.84% |           0      0.00%     32.84% |           0      0.00%     32.84% |           0      0.00%     32.84% |           0      0.00%     32.84% |           0      0.00%     32.84% |           0      0.00%     32.84% |           0      0.00%     32.84% |           0      0.00%     32.84% |           0      0.00%     32.84% |           0      0.00%     32.84% |           0      0.00%     32.84% |           0      0.00%     32.84% |           0      0.00%     32.84% |          18     26.87%     59.70% |          15     22.39%     82.09% |          12     17.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           67                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           9     18.00%     18.00% |           0      0.00%     18.00% |           0      0.00%     18.00% |           0      0.00%     18.00% |           1      2.00%     20.00% |           2      4.00%     24.00% |           0      0.00%     24.00% |           1      2.00%     26.00% |           0      0.00%     26.00% |           0      0.00%     26.00% |           0      0.00%     26.00% |          31     62.00%     88.00% |           2      4.00%     92.00% |           1      2.00%     94.00% |           0      0.00%     94.00% |           0      0.00%     94.00% |           0      0.00%     94.00% |           1      2.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           2      4.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           50                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       46129      3.64%      3.64% |       39317      3.11%      6.75% |       39409      3.11%      9.86% |       39329      3.11%     12.97% |       39300      3.11%     16.08% |       39297      3.10%     19.18% |       39296      3.10%     22.29% |       39339      3.11%     25.40% |       39367      3.11%     28.51% |       39353      3.11%     31.61% |       39436      3.12%     34.73% |       39331      3.11%     37.84% |       39382      3.11%     40.95% |       39372      3.11%     44.06% |       39365      3.11%     47.17% |       39303      3.11%     50.28% |       39338      3.11%     53.38% |       39326      3.11%     56.49% |       39352      3.11%     59.60% |       39293      3.10%     62.71% |       39329      3.11%     65.81% |       39412      3.11%     68.93% |       39358      3.11%     72.04% |       39273      3.10%     75.14% |       39340      3.11%     78.25% |       39366      3.11%     81.36% |       39360      3.11%     84.47% |       39247      3.10%     87.57% |       39337      3.11%     90.68% |       39297      3.10%     93.78% |       39321      3.11%     96.89% |       39382      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1265656                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          33      4.66%      4.66% |          24      3.39%      8.05% |          22      3.11%     11.16% |          22      3.11%     14.27% |          20      2.82%     17.09% |          21      2.97%     20.06% |          22      3.11%     23.16% |          22      3.11%     26.27% |          22      3.11%     29.38% |          23      3.25%     32.63% |          21      2.97%     35.59% |          21      2.97%     38.56% |          21      2.97%     41.53% |          21      2.97%     44.49% |          21      2.97%     47.46% |          21      2.97%     50.42% |          21      2.97%     53.39% |          22      3.11%     56.50% |          22      3.11%     59.60% |          22      3.11%     62.71% |          22      3.11%     65.82% |          23      3.25%     69.07% |          22      3.11%     72.18% |          21      2.97%     75.14% |          22      3.11%     78.25% |          23      3.25%     81.50% |          22      3.11%     84.60% |          21      2.97%     87.57% |          21      2.97%     90.54% |          22      3.11%     93.64% |          22      3.11%     96.75% |          23      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          54     47.79%     47.79% |           6      5.31%     53.10% |           3      2.65%     55.75% |           1      0.88%     56.64% |           1      0.88%     57.52% |           0      0.00%     57.52% |           0      0.00%     57.52% |           0      0.00%     57.52% |           0      0.00%     57.52% |           0      0.00%     57.52% |           7      6.19%     63.72% |           0      0.00%     63.72% |           0      0.00%     63.72% |           0      0.00%     63.72% |           0      0.00%     63.72% |           0      0.00%     63.72% |           0      0.00%     63.72% |           0      0.00%     63.72% |           1      0.88%     64.60% |           7      6.19%     70.80% |           3      2.65%     73.45% |           3      2.65%     76.11% |           4      3.54%     79.65% |           1      0.88%     80.53% |           4      3.54%     84.07% |           2      1.77%     85.84% |           2      1.77%     87.61% |           2      1.77%     89.38% |           4      3.54%     92.92% |           5      4.42%     97.35% |           3      2.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          113                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      6.00%      6.00% |           2      4.00%     10.00% |           1      2.00%     12.00% |           1      2.00%     14.00% |           1      2.00%     16.00% |           2      4.00%     20.00% |           1      2.00%     22.00% |           1      2.00%     24.00% |           2      4.00%     28.00% |           1      2.00%     30.00% |           3      6.00%     36.00% |           0      0.00%     36.00% |           0      0.00%     36.00% |           0      0.00%     36.00% |           0      0.00%     36.00% |           0      0.00%     36.00% |           0      0.00%     36.00% |           1      2.00%     38.00% |           1      2.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1      2.00%     42.00% |           4      8.00%     50.00% |           3      6.00%     56.00% |           0      0.00%     56.00% |           1      2.00%     58.00% |           1      2.00%     60.00% |           1      2.00%     62.00% |           3      6.00%     68.00% |           3      6.00%     74.00% |           2      4.00%     78.00% |           1      2.00%     80.00% |          10     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           50                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          10    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     20.00%     20.00% |          16     80.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |          13      4.85%      4.85% |           6      2.24%      7.09% |          19      7.09%     14.18% |          13      4.85%     19.03% |           5      1.87%     20.90% |           5      1.87%     22.76% |           0      0.00%     22.76% |           2      0.75%     23.51% |          14      5.22%     28.73% |           1      0.37%     29.10% |           9      3.36%     32.46% |           2      0.75%     33.21% |           7      2.61%     35.82% |           2      0.75%     36.57% |           0      0.00%     36.57% |           0      0.00%     36.57% |           1      0.37%     36.94% |           5      1.87%     38.81% |           8      2.99%     41.79% |           5      1.87%     43.66% |          26      9.70%     53.36% |          32     11.94%     65.30% |           4      1.49%     66.79% |           5      1.87%     68.66% |           6      2.24%     70.90% |           8      2.99%     73.88% |          12      4.48%     78.36% |          12      4.48%     82.84% |          11      4.10%     86.94% |          13      4.85%     91.79% |          21      7.84%     99.63% |           1      0.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          268                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |         129      5.55%      5.55% |          60      2.58%      8.13% |          72      3.10%     11.22% |          56      2.41%     13.63% |          59      2.54%     16.17% |          76      3.27%     19.43% |          62      2.67%     22.10% |          57      2.45%     24.55% |          63      2.71%     27.26% |          64      2.75%     30.01% |          89      3.83%     33.83% |          77      3.31%     37.15% |          69      2.97%     40.11% |          79      3.40%     43.51% |          81      3.48%     46.99% |          67      2.88%     49.87% |          59      2.54%     52.41% |          66      2.84%     55.25% |          57      2.45%     57.70% |          58      2.49%     60.19% |          65      2.79%     62.98% |         101      4.34%     67.33% |          92      3.96%     71.28% |          64      2.75%     74.03% |          66      2.84%     76.87% |          67      2.88%     79.75% |          61      2.62%     82.37% |          70      3.01%     85.38% |          72      3.10%     88.48% |          66      2.84%     91.32% |          72      3.10%     94.41% |         130      5.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         2326                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         487      3.23%      3.23% |         425      2.82%      6.04% |         446      2.95%      9.00% |         431      2.86%     11.85% |         434      2.88%     14.73% |         419      2.78%     17.50% |         438      2.90%     20.41% |         483      3.20%     23.61% |         465      3.08%     26.69% |         458      3.03%     29.72% |         478      3.17%     32.89% |         475      3.15%     36.03% |         511      3.39%     39.42% |         497      3.29%     42.71% |         489      3.24%     45.95% |         492      3.26%     49.21% |         511      3.39%     52.60% |         508      3.37%     55.96% |         500      3.31%     59.28% |         472      3.13%     62.40% |         450      2.98%     65.38% |         489      3.24%     68.62% |         453      3.00%     71.62% |         460      3.05%     74.67% |         491      3.25%     77.93% |         528      3.50%     81.42% |         502      3.33%     84.75% |         447      2.96%     87.71% |         469      3.11%     90.82% |         473      3.13%     93.95% |         471      3.12%     97.07% |         442      2.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        15094                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     11.11%     11.11% |           1      5.56%     16.67% |           1      5.56%     22.22% |           1      5.56%     27.78% |           2     11.11%     38.89% |           1      5.56%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      5.56%     50.00% |           1      5.56%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      5.56%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           1      5.56%     77.78% |           3     16.67%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       24651      4.24%      4.24% |       17966      3.09%      7.34% |       18031      3.10%     10.44% |       17963      3.09%     13.54% |       17949      3.09%     16.63% |       17953      3.09%     19.72% |       17934      3.09%     22.81% |       17937      3.09%     25.89% |       17963      3.09%     28.99% |       17963      3.09%     32.08% |       18044      3.11%     35.19% |       17919      3.09%     38.27% |       17942      3.09%     41.36% |       17956      3.09%     44.45% |       17959      3.09%     47.55% |       17892      3.08%     50.63% |       17899      3.08%     53.71% |       17880      3.08%     56.79% |       17918      3.09%     59.87% |       17894      3.08%     62.95% |       17931      3.09%     66.04% |       17965      3.09%     69.14% |       17987      3.10%     72.23% |       17889      3.08%     75.31% |       17915      3.08%     78.40% |       17916      3.08%     81.48% |       17919      3.09%     84.57% |       17872      3.08%     87.64% |       17942      3.09%     90.73% |       17894      3.08%     93.82% |       17899      3.08%     96.90% |       18018      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       580760                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         485      3.21%      3.21% |         424      2.81%      6.02% |         447      2.96%      8.98% |         430      2.85%     11.83% |         435      2.88%     14.71% |         417      2.76%     17.48% |         435      2.88%     20.36% |         483      3.20%     23.56% |         465      3.08%     26.64% |         460      3.05%     29.69% |         478      3.17%     32.85% |         473      3.13%     35.99% |         513      3.40%     39.39% |         497      3.29%     42.68% |         489      3.24%     45.92% |         494      3.27%     49.19% |         513      3.40%     52.59% |         509      3.37%     55.96% |         500      3.31%     59.28% |         473      3.13%     62.41% |         450      2.98%     65.39% |         490      3.25%     68.64% |         451      2.99%     71.62% |         458      3.03%     74.66% |         489      3.24%     77.90% |         524      3.47%     81.37% |         501      3.32%     84.69% |         448      2.97%     87.66% |         472      3.13%     90.78% |         475      3.15%     93.93% |         474      3.14%     97.07% |         442      2.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        15094                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       22017      3.13%      3.13% |       21951      3.12%      6.26% |       21955      3.12%      9.38% |       21960      3.13%     12.51% |       21940      3.12%     15.63% |       21951      3.12%     18.76% |       21951      3.12%     21.88% |       21943      3.12%     25.00% |       21963      3.13%     28.13% |       21954      3.12%     31.25% |       21938      3.12%     34.38% |       21963      3.13%     37.50% |       21951      3.12%     40.63% |       21943      3.12%     43.75% |       21941      3.12%     46.87% |       21941      3.12%     50.00% |       21950      3.12%     53.12% |       21961      3.13%     56.25% |       21958      3.13%     59.37% |       21950      3.12%     62.50% |       21972      3.13%     65.62% |       21981      3.13%     68.75% |       21944      3.12%     71.88% |       21950      3.12%     75.00% |       21960      3.13%     78.13% |       21950      3.12%     81.25% |       21964      3.13%     84.38% |       21951      3.12%     87.50% |       21947      3.12%     90.62% |       21952      3.12%     93.75% |       21972      3.13%     96.88% |       21946      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       702570                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      4.35%      4.35% |           4      8.70%     13.04% |           6     13.04%     26.09% |           5     10.87%     36.96% |           1      2.17%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           1      2.17%     41.30% |           1      2.17%     43.48% |           0      0.00%     43.48% |           4      8.70%     52.17% |           0      0.00%     52.17% |           5     10.87%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           9     19.57%     82.61% |           2      4.35%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           1      2.17%     89.13% |           0      0.00%     89.13% |           1      2.17%     91.30% |           1      2.17%     93.48% |           2      4.35%     97.83% |           0      0.00%     97.83% |           1      2.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           46                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           1      3.12%      3.12% |           0      0.00%      3.12% |           3      9.38%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           3      9.38%     21.88% |           0      0.00%     21.88% |           2      6.25%     28.12% |           1      3.12%     31.25% |           1      3.12%     34.38% |           0      0.00%     34.38% |           1      3.12%     37.50% |           1      3.12%     40.62% |           0      0.00%     40.62% |           3      9.38%     50.00% |           1      3.12%     53.12% |           0      0.00%     53.12% |           0      0.00%     53.12% |           0      0.00%     53.12% |           0      0.00%     53.12% |           1      3.12%     56.25% |           1      3.12%     59.38% |           1      3.12%     62.50% |           1      3.12%     65.62% |           1      3.12%     68.75% |           0      0.00%     68.75% |           1      3.12%     71.88% |           1      3.12%     75.00% |           5     15.62%     90.62% |           0      0.00%     90.62% |           2      6.25%     96.88% |           1      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total           32                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      155646      5.61%      5.61% |       85408      3.08%      8.69% |       84010      3.03%     11.72% |       84939      3.06%     14.79% |       84140      3.03%     17.82% |       83718      3.02%     20.84% |       83711      3.02%     23.86% |       83385      3.01%     26.87% |       83574      3.01%     29.88% |       84585      3.05%     32.93% |       85889      3.10%     36.03% |       85040      3.07%     39.10% |       84687      3.05%     42.15% |       83422      3.01%     45.16% |       82850      2.99%     48.15% |       83199      3.00%     51.15% |       84253      3.04%     54.19% |       83763      3.02%     57.21% |       84327      3.04%     60.25% |       84416      3.04%     63.30% |       84330      3.04%     66.34% |       86768      3.13%     69.47% |       84611      3.05%     72.52% |       83727      3.02%     75.54% |       83889      3.03%     78.57% |       84305      3.04%     81.61% |       83969      3.03%     84.64% |       83618      3.02%     87.65% |       84175      3.04%     90.69% |       83654      3.02%     93.71% |       86382      3.12%     96.82% |       88129      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2772519                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total            2                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      435352     21.37%     21.37% |     1018510     50.00%     71.37% |      583158     28.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      2037020                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      435352     21.37%     21.37% |     1018510     50.00%     71.37% |      583158     28.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      2037020                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      435352     21.37%     21.37% |     1018510     50.00%     71.37% |      583158     28.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      2037020                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      435352     21.37%     21.37% |     1018510     50.00%     71.37% |      583158     28.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      2037020                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
