
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.111377                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                111377105500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5287545184000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  36629                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    62019                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               63831823                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5499108                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1744.85                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    63912987                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     108214374                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21103232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          21103232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     11915456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       11915456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       329738                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             329738                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       186179                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            186179                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    189475493                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            189475493                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    106982992                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           106982992                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    296458485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           296458485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     329738                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    186179                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   329738                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  186179                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              21101120                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   2112                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               11915200                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               21103232                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            11915456                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    33                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            20283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            21014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            20511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            20823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            20511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            20988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            20638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            20730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            20678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            20855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           20612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           20892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           20231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           20141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           20445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           20353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            11510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            11662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            11658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            11650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            11610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            11920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            11561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            11686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            11903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            11747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           11536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           11711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           11350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           11315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           11755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           11601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     1066                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 111376543000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               329738                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              186179                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 168919                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  48367                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  35780                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  22639                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                  15387                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                  11496                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   8109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   5773                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   4168                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   2746                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  1792                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  1184                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                   812                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                   616                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                   437                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                   353                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                   243                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                   209                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                   155                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                   138                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                   114                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                    94                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                    69                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                    52                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                    37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  33373                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  36111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  36948                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  37004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  36281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   2743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   1648                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   2071                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       153992                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   214.397423                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   164.782302                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   164.193689                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        45066     29.27%     29.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        46652     30.30%     59.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        45724     29.69%     89.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6918      4.49%     93.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5013      3.26%     97.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1624      1.05%     98.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1311      0.85%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          730      0.47%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          954      0.62%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       153992                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        33464                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.852229                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    24.229137                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        33457     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            6      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        33464                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        33464                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.563441                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.425549                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.549387                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          30714     91.78%     91.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2131      6.37%     98.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          489      1.46%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          130      0.39%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        33464                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  8846444899                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            15028413649                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1648525000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    26831.39                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               45581.39                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      189.46                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      106.98                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   189.48                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   106.98                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.84                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.55                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      3.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  244552                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 117326                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                74.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               63.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    215880.74                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   70.15                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   16991492500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     3719040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    90664674000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              587706840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              576450000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              320673375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              314531250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1290837600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1280767800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            604298880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            602082720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         7274442240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         7274442240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        49813809930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        49052924055                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        23128543500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        23795987250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          83020312365                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          82897185315                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          745.413929                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          744.308409                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20667776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          20667776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     11494208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       11494208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       322934                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             322934                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       179597                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            179597                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    185565749                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            185565749                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    103200814                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           103200814                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    288766563                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           288766563                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     322934                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    179597                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   322934                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  179597                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              20665792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1984                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               11493952                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               20667776                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            11494208                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    31                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            19874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            20567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            20116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            20409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            20106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            20548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            20235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            20372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            20257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            20435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           20150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           20434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           19803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           19713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           19929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           19955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            11109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            11258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            11281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            11246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            11215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            11517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            11137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            11264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            11490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            11310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           11130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           11293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           10952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           10908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           11291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           11192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                      980                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 111376272000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               322934                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              179597                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 165167                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  47367                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  33940                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  23182                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                  15387                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                  11188                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   8150                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   5788                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   3858                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   2641                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  1795                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  1205                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                   851                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                   593                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                   418                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                   300                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                   211                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                   198                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                   183                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                   151                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                   102                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                    87                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                    69                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                    46                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  32243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  34787                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  35427                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  35557                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  34950                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   2836                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   1751                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   2046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       145369                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.223947                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   169.917691                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   167.466004                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40989     28.20%     28.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        42040     28.92%     57.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        45521     31.31%     88.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6986      4.81%     93.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5050      3.47%     96.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1763      1.21%     97.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1333      0.92%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          782      0.54%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          905      0.62%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       145369                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32328                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.986575                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    20.392541                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        32322     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        32328                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32328                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.555339                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.420105                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.527721                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          29674     91.79%     91.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2099      6.49%     98.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          439      1.36%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          116      0.36%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        32328                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  8491742740                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            14546173990                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1614515000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    26298.12                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               45048.12                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      185.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      103.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   185.57                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   103.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.55                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      3.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  241145                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 115976                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                74.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               64.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    221630.65                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   71.07                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   17155474250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     3719040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    90500279500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              556710840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              542263680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              303760875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              295878000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1265308200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1253233800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            583374960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            580387680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         7274442240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         7274442240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        49298999040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        48299941800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        23580132000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        24456498000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          82862728155                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          82702645200                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          743.999029                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          742.561693                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20677696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          20677696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     11496256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       11496256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       323089                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             323089                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       179629                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            179629                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    185654816                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            185654816                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    103219202                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           103219202                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    288874018                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           288874018                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     323089                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    179629                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   323089                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  179629                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              20676736                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               11496128                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               20677696                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            11496256                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            19895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            20565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            20131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            20501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            20120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            20527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            20216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            20356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            20239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            20448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           20170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           20498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           19830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           19687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           19916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           19975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            11109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            11249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            11282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            11266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            11210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            11497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            11147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            11278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            11465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            11319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           11112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           11316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           10959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           10911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           11296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           11211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     1027                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 111376964500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               323089                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              179629                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 165924                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  47316                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  33845                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                  23162                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                  15431                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                  11248                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   8003                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   5544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   3852                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   2642                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  1736                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  1226                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                   795                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                   583                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                   425                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                   309                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                   230                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                   176                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                   163                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                   143                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                   103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                    86                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                    59                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                    36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  32211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  34765                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  35485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  35637                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  35019                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   2735                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   1701                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   2076                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       145136                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.670819                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   170.396082                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   167.326607                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40803     28.11%     28.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        41659     28.70%     56.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        45929     31.65%     88.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6939      4.78%     93.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5061      3.49%     96.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1778      1.23%     97.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1266      0.87%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          761      0.52%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          940      0.65%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       145136                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32315                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.996348                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    20.380022                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        32310     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        32315                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32315                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.558626                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.419936                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.557840                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          29663     91.79%     91.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2085      6.45%     98.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          419      1.30%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          148      0.46%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        32315                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  8398508386                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            14456145886                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1615370000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    25995.62                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               44745.62                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      185.65                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      103.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   185.65                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   103.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.54                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      3.02                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  241366                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 116194                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                74.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               64.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    221549.59                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   71.13                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   17161191250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     3719040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    90494696250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              555962400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              541258200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              303352500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              295329375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1265979000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1253935800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            583446240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            580536720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         7274442240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         7274442240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        49227053355                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        48262186710                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        23643242250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        24489616500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          82853477985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          82697305545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          743.915974                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          742.513750                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20651392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          20651392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     11491584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       11491584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       322678                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             322678                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       179556                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            179556                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    185418645                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            185418645                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    103177255                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           103177255                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    288595900                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           288595900                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     322679                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    179556                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   322679                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  179556                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              20650752                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               11491456                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               20651456                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            11491584                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    11                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            19889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            20590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            20007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            20446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            20057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            20503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            20203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            20331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            20239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            20399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           20215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           20451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           19776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           19687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           19924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           19951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            11105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            11248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            11263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            11250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            11209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            11505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            11140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            11264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            11464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            11329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           11113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           11316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           10960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           10903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           11294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           11191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                      856                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 111376362500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               322679                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              179556                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 166329                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  46545                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  34686                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                  22936                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                  15448                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                  10977                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   8054                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   5611                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   3740                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   2604                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  1696                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  1123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                   760                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                   572                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                   425                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                   282                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                   215                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                   162                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                   140                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                   110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                    93                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                    73                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                    48                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  32330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  34886                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  35648                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  35625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  34942                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   2692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   1674                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   1759                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       144935                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.766723                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   170.459804                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   167.832488                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40572     27.99%     27.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        41993     28.97%     56.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        45650     31.50%     88.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6876      4.74%     93.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5106      3.52%     96.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1678      1.16%     97.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1329      0.92%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          747      0.52%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          984      0.68%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       144935                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32412                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.954739                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    20.867948                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        32402     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        32412                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32412                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.539738                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.408757                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.503976                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          29813     91.98%     91.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2049      6.32%     98.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          439      1.35%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          111      0.34%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        32412                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  8367693187                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            14417718187                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1613340000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    25932.83                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               44682.83                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      185.41                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      103.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   185.42                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   103.18                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.53                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  240908                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 116376                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                74.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               64.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    221761.45                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   71.14                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   16932101000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     3719040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    90723909000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              553195440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              542513160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              301842750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              296014125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1263771600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1252984200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            583096320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            580413600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         7274442240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         7274442240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        49061615130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        48234492405                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        23788363500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        24513909750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          82826326980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          82694769480                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          743.672194                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          742.490979                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1118                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1118                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1357                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1357                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               225                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              225                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5400                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          900                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          900                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          793                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4023                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4923                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               165000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              491000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              484228                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              118728                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1796500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          375                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1536000                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          375                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               16705916                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 60.010058                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                34.709855                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                96.566860                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    14932057     89.38%     89.38% |      868073      5.20%     94.58% |      464453      2.78%     97.36% |      263384      1.58%     98.93% |      128766      0.77%     99.71% |       38199      0.23%     99.93% |       10935      0.07%    100.00% |          49      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 16705916                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     43991083                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.812932                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.728676                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      5.084318                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    40357651     91.74%     91.74% |     1157480      2.63%     94.37% |      147244      0.33%     94.71% |      213180      0.48%     95.19% |      400958      0.91%     96.10% |      561210      1.28%     97.38% |      548580      1.25%     98.63% |      432810      0.98%     99.61% |      171970      0.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      43991083                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            43991080                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              20.514363                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.976607                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             82.223595                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    42810267     97.32%     97.32% |      854579      1.94%     99.26% |      255181      0.58%     99.84% |       58407      0.13%     99.97% |       10434      0.02%     99.99% |        2108      0.00%    100.00% |          93      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              43991080                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        41093974                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.010602                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.008140                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.148401                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    40842985     99.39%     99.39% |      113349      0.28%     99.67% |       95832      0.23%     99.90% |       36609      0.09%     99.99% |        5168      0.01%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          41093974                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        2897106                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        268.796301                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       208.391953                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       191.488893                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1716293     59.24%     59.24% |      854579     29.50%     88.74% |      255181      8.81%     97.55% |       58407      2.02%     99.56% |       10434      0.36%     99.92% |        2108      0.07%    100.00% |          93      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          2897106                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    83886080                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    4194304                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         582123                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       582123                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     28230327                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       688348                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     28918675                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits     12277734                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       124064                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses     12401798                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load      2694487                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        31001                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store      1028473                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1719842                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        54363                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           18                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           18                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits       585913                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses      2084679                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      2670592                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles       925452                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       112394                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        47152                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       159546                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        48788                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        40341                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        89129                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        49322                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        40460                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        89782                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        48508                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        40356                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        88864                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        47793                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        40405                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        88198                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        47448                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        40396                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        87844                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        46329                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        40389                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        86718                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        46664                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        40327                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        86991                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        48050                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        40362                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        88412                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        47610                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        40350                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        87960                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        47708                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        40376                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        88084                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        47458                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        40308                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        87766                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        47045                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        40434                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        87479                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        47048                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        40354                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        87402                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        50129                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        40436                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        90565                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        47783                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        40382                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        88165                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        46828                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        40297                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        87125                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        47148                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        40363                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        87511                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        47705                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        40392                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        88097                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        46837                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        40382                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        87219                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        47986                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        40271                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        88257                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        47803                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        40362                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        88165                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        48582                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        40321                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        88903                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        48108                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        40353                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        88461                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        51167                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        40346                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        91513                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        52169                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        40403                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        92572                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        47315                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        40324                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        87639                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        47475                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        40323                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        87798                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        47105                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        40320                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        87425                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        46323                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        40364                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        86687                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        46704                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        40391                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        87095                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        49358                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        40377                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        89735                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     22188053                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     22188053                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     23590367                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     22188052                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      9720750                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      9470856                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     22188052                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.099608                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      8327698                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      8327698                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8488687                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8327698                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4875572                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4869906                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      8327698                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.037385                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads     25225739                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes     25225739                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity     27461799                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity     25225739                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity     13034948                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity     12737391                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity     25225739                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.113245                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      8997979                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      8997979                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9103806                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8997979                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5207045                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5202263                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      8997979                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.040394                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      5354117                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      5354117                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5379292                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5354117                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2519836                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2518881                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      5354117                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.024036                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      5780414                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      5780414                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5854272                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5780414                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2737043                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2735578                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      5780414                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.025950                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads     11214675                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes     11214675                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity     12275619                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity     11214675                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4328558                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4005539                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity     11214675                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.050346                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      4901095                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      4901095                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5015496                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4901095                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1937660                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1928303                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      4901095                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.022002                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      4568053                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      4568053                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4568452                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4568053                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2479763                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2479757                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      4568053                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.020507                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      3439224                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      3439224                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3439747                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3439224                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1677921                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1677904                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      3439224                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.015440                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      3138996                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      3138996                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3152298                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3138996                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1354921                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1354904                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      3138996                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.014092                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      4788461                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      4788461                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4796230                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4788461                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2531481                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2531461                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      4788461                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.021497                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      3885747                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      3885747                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3887317                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3885747                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1822295                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1822267                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      3885747                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.017444                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      3347361                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      3347361                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3354470                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3347361                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1413543                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1413533                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      3347361                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.015027                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1988742                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1988742                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2007931                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1988742                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       834593                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       833330                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1988742                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.008928                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      3007981                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      3007981                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3103386                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3007981                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1257927                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1243857                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      3007981                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.013504                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      5473646                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      5473646                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5538059                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5473646                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2039788                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2031002                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      5473646                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.024573                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      3387486                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      3387486                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3417225                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3387486                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1346021                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1344378                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      3387486                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.015207                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      3199642                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      3199642                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3230222                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3199642                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1334014                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1332574                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      3199642                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.014364                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      2007436                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      2007436                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2076096                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2007436                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       842851                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       840668                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      2007436                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.009012                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      2379358                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      2379358                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2379423                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2379358                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1302257                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1302254                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      2379358                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.010682                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2248855                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2248855                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2249024                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2248855                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1188085                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1188075                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2248855                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.010096                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      1953561                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      1953561                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1964834                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1953561                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       937185                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       937185                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      1953561                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.008770                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1309006                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1309006                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1309006                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1309006                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       585498                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       585498                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1309006                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.005876                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      2330248                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      2330248                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2330264                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2330248                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1253348                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1253348                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      2330248                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.010461                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      2207866                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      2207866                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2207895                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2207866                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1161602                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1161602                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      2207866                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.009912                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      1934921                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      1934921                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1945609                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1934921                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       922241                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       922241                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      1934921                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.008686                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1315458                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1315458                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1315458                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1315458                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       587294                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       587294                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1315458                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.005905                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      8826050                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      8826050                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9080505                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8826050                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4507618                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4500270                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      8826050                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.039622                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      9072036                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      9072036                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9200429                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9072036                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4619612                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4617540                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      9072036                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.040727                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      6315599                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      6315599                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6560707                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6315599                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2592889                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2579391                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      6315599                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.028352                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      6635269                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      6635269                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6794505                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6635269                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2740166                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2736197                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      6635268                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.029787                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    13187042     29.24%     29.24% |    29129304     64.58%     93.81% |     2790488      6.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     45106834                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    13187044     29.24%     29.24% |    29129305     64.58%     93.81% |     2790488      6.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     45106837                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   428945962                       |   785130425                       |    66490594                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   925841749                       |   138156367                       |     2790488                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   32.527838                       |   26.953285                       |   23.827586                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   70.208448                       |    4.742865                       |           1                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    28.389644                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    23.650266                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         52.039910                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.003292                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.073205      7.22%      7.22% |    0.072984      7.20%     14.42% |    0.072713      7.17%     21.59% |    0.072762      7.18%     28.77% |    0.164046     16.18%     44.94% |    0.163924     16.17%     61.11% |    0.164098     16.18%     77.30% |    0.163877     16.16%     93.46% |    0.016579      1.64%     95.09% |    0.016580      1.64%     96.73% |    0.016581      1.64%     98.36% |    0.016581      1.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.013932                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.025357                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.019493                       |    0.000000                       |    0.037159                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005209                       |    0.003133                       |    0.003091                       |    0.003117                       |    0.003094                       |    0.003096                       |    0.003087                       |    0.003070                       |    0.003080                       |    0.003144                       |    0.003152                       |    0.003126                       |    0.003110                       |    0.003096                       |    0.003068                       |    0.003075                       |    0.003113                       |    0.003100                       |    0.003106                       |    0.003098                       |    0.003090                       |    0.003174                       |    0.003109                       |    0.003081                       |    0.003091                       |    0.003107                       |    0.003085                       |    0.003105                       |    0.003107                       |    0.003121                       |    0.003192                       |    0.003223                       |    0.008874                       |    0.008689                       |    0.008694                       |    0.008682                       |    0.000108                       |           0                       |    0.001955                       |    0.004572                       |    0.002618                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002804                       |    0.000109                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003198                       |    0.004570                       |           0                       |    0.002795                       |           0                       |    0.006870                       |    0.006279                       |    0.004563                       |           0                       |    0.002811                       |    0.006190                       |           0                       |    0.013677                       |    0.011602                       |    0.005342                       |    0.056150                       |    0.002801                       |    0.002618                       |    0.017627                       |    0.023418                       |    0.010630                       |           0                       |    0.002817                       |           0                       |    0.012406                       |    0.016905                       |    0.008266                       |           0                       |    0.002803                       |    0.006010                       |           0                       |    0.012202                       |    0.013622                       |    0.006089                       |           0                       |    0.002817                       |           0                       |    0.006217                       |    0.006812                       |    0.005650                       |           0                       |    0.002802                       |           0                       |    0.003091                       |    0.004567                       |           0                       |    0.002866                       |           0                       |    0.000613                       |    0.003174                       |    0.003443                       |           0                       |    0.002828                       |           0                       |    0.000551                       |    0.002298                       |    0.006318                       |    0.003444                       |           0                       |    0.002800                       |           0                       |    0.003736                       |    0.004558                       |    0.008665                       |    0.004277                       |    0.021391                       |    0.004316                       |    0.001955                       |    0.046368                       |    0.008534                       |    0.012514                       |    0.004531                       |    0.000000                       |    0.002825                       |    0.004572                       |    0.001657                       |    0.014775                       |    0.009052                       |    0.004502                       |           0                       |    0.002794                       |           0                       |    0.005794                       |    0.007817                       |    0.004495                       |    0.005050                       |           0                       |    0.002814                       |           0                       |    0.001657                       |    0.006217                       |    0.002238                       |    0.004519                       |           0                       |    0.002809                       |           0                       |    0.000558                       |    0.003107                       |    0.003438                       |           0                       |    0.002812                       |           0                       |    0.000054                       |    0.003109                       |    0.002796                       |           0                       |    0.002834                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002218                       |    0.006261                       |    0.002779                       |           0                       |    0.002882                       |    0.006012                       |           0                       |    0.000748                       |    0.004387                       |    0.011540                       |    0.002783                       |           0                       |    0.002797                       |           0                       |    0.038882                       |    0.003685                       |    0.002166                       |    0.002815                       |           0                       |    0.002788                       |           0                       |    0.001083                       |    0.012421                       |    0.002914                       |    0.002797                       |           0                       |    0.002882                       |    0.006007                       |           0                       |    0.001496                       |    0.012264                       |    0.004327                       |    0.002812                       |           0                       |    0.002791                       |           0                       |    0.001083                       |    0.006181                       |    0.002163                       |    0.002808                       |           0                       |    0.002801                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003085                       |    0.002800                       |           0                       |    0.002796                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003081                       |           0                       |    0.002779                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.006149                       |           0                       |    0.002783                       |           0                       |    0.002244                       |           0                       |    0.008477                       |           0                       |    0.002815                       |           0                       |    0.018767                       |    0.001496                       |    0.001494                       |           0                       |    0.002797                       |           0                       |    0.000000                       |    0.010168                       |    0.002242                       |           0                       |    0.002812                       |           0                       |    0.003737                       |    0.007815                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002808                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.006204                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002800                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003105                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.013932                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        10257225                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     10257225                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       343499                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      7287215                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         6758939                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     92.750646                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         1325035                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30813                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             19667857                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              73443                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            20537905                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            138605                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         19741300                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        20676510                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  40205762                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  212048                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              40417810                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits             12408749                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9543                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses         12418292                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                  12408749                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9543                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses              12418292                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                219004511                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     40302439                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               70707295                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            10257225                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      8083974                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             173470687                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          787342                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             141915                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       179603                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       291982                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3055                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       335647                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          12408144                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        189717                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3807                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    215118999                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.571670                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.810562                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        190549696     88.58%     88.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          2922189      1.36%     89.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          2930468      1.36%     91.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1079016      0.50%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          5119689      2.38%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          1296162      0.60%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          2638144      1.23%     96.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           500573      0.23%     96.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          8083062      3.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    215118999                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.046836                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.322858                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         12831981                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     185613703                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6299240                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       9980397                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         393671                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      119387898                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         393671                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         16227231                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       112243197                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     10714040                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          12194758                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      63346095                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      117818818                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         59377                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       17429217                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         452544                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       42476240                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    116763089                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     278452893                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    185831755                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          350                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     105587091                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         11175983                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       292883                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       296604                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          61071356                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     12067307                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     20854449                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      5207318                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      5008359                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          115558959                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1280890                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         121629986                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       270943                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      8355910                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     13330280                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        96569                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    215118999                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565408                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.247658                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    160666597     74.69%     74.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26185449     12.17%     86.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      9783241      4.55%     91.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7759010      3.61%     95.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4634278      2.15%     97.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3399111      1.58%     98.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2024060      0.94%     99.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       414026      0.19%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       253227      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    215118999                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          104655     10.38%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         785049     77.88%     88.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        118383     11.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       338661      0.28%      0.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      80987098     66.58%     66.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        43682      0.04%     66.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52043      0.04%     66.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           20      0.00%     66.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     66.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     66.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     66.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     66.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     66.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     66.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     66.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     66.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     66.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19492217     16.03%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     20716265     17.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      121629986                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.555377                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1008087                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.008288                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    459657720                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    125203625                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    112857784                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          281                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          403                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses          105                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      122299271                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             141                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      4632765                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1211069                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2688                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         8409                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       558444                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1813                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked     10774481                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         393671                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         8081439                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      84694907                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    116839849                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        98524                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      12067307                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     20854449                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1272035                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         195210                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      83863926                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         8409                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124082                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       283184                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       407266                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     121018014                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      19301353                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       400905                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             39856188                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          8932752                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           20554835                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.552582                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              112959098                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             112857889                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          60819731                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         107800687                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.515322                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.564187                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8541908                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1184321                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       357283                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    213703792                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506376                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.496465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    175568295     82.15%     82.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17126408      8.01%     90.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7449265      3.49%     93.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3227560      1.51%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2231256      1.04%     96.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1768055      0.83%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       508838      0.24%     97.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       904494      0.42%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      4919621      2.30%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    213703792                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     63912986                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      108214371                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               31152238                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              10856234                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5684                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            8487908                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 25                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         107813113                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      1246586                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       147769      0.14%      0.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     76821231     70.99%     71.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        42368      0.04%     71.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50763      0.05%     71.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     71.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     71.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     71.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     71.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     71.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     71.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     71.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     71.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     71.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead     10856234     10.03%     81.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     20296004     18.76%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total    108214371                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       4919621                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            325407659                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           234938428                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   85725                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3885512                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3749277                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            63912986                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             108214371                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       3.426604                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 3.426604                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.291834                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.291834                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        193434231                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        82980877                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               140                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              125                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          36510413                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         27399124                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        57317012                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         289523                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean              23564702000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            23564702000.000019                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-2.14748e+09               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-6.44245e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-1.07374e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+10-1.28849e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.28849e+10-1.50324e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.50324e+10-1.71799e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.71799e+10-1.93274e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.93274e+10-2.14748e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+10-2.36223e+10            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.36223e+10-2.57698e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.57698e+10-2.79173e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.79173e+10-3.00648e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.00648e+10-3.22123e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+10-3.43597e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.43597e+10-3.65072e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.65072e+10-3.86547e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.86547e+10-4.08022e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.08022e+10-4.29497e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       8439000                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        90.618292                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       46.437331                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      127.958605                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     6673704     79.08%     79.08% |      859516     10.19%     89.27% |      464447      5.50%     94.77% |      263384      3.12%     97.89% |      128766      1.53%     99.42% |       38199      0.45%     99.87% |       10935      0.13%    100.00% |          49      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         8439000                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       8249055                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        28.778826                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       25.799116                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       14.063450                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     5141216     62.32%     62.32% |     2917133     35.36%     97.69% |      150490      1.82%     99.51% |       31653      0.38%     99.90% |        6818      0.08%     99.98% |        1437      0.02%    100.00% |         267      0.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         8249055                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         17861                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.232798                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.893055                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.208486                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         661      3.70%      3.70% |        2053     11.49%     15.20% |        8175     45.77%     60.97% |        4179     23.40%     84.36% |        2737     15.32%     99.69% |          52      0.29%     99.98% |           4      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           17861                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples         10345487                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           51.800824                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           6.291190                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         137.396973                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     9497613     91.80%     91.80% |      604196      5.84%     97.64% |      186718      1.80%     99.45% |       46432      0.45%     99.90% |        8561      0.08%     99.98% |        1875      0.02%    100.00% |          81      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total           10345487                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      8577777                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.037710                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.028652                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.287160                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     8402098     97.95%     97.95% |       72921      0.85%     98.80% |       62897      0.73%     99.54% |       34717      0.40%     99.94% |        5115      0.06%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        8577777                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples      1767710                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     288.422848                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    218.431392                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    207.253221                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      919836     52.04%     52.04% |      604196     34.18%     86.22% |      186718     10.56%     96.78% |       46432      2.63%     99.40% |        8561      0.48%     99.89% |        1875      0.11%     99.99% |          81      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total       1767710                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         21015232                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           15.064746                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.678342                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          64.082177                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    20686237     98.43%     98.43% |      246757      1.17%     99.61% |       68176      0.32%     99.93% |       11945      0.06%     99.99% |        1872      0.01%    100.00% |         233      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           21015232                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     20024847                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.005598                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.004465                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.097245                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    19949636     99.62%     99.62% |       40329      0.20%     99.83% |       32935      0.16%     99.99% |        1892      0.01%    100.00% |          53      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       20024847                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       990385                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     258.891744                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    220.100158                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    157.306355                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      661390     66.78%     66.78% |      246757     24.92%     91.70% |       68176      6.88%     98.58% |       11945      1.21%     99.79% |        1872      0.19%     99.98% |         233      0.02%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        990385                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples     12401796                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        3.843684                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.098763                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      10.307727                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |    12386589     99.88%     99.88% |       12188      0.10%     99.98% |        2708      0.02%    100.00% |          58      0.00%    100.00% |         106      0.00%    100.00% |         123      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total       12401796                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples     12277734                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    12277734    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total     12277734                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       124062                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    87.338436                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    76.441301                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    59.827787                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      108855     87.74%     87.74% |       12188      9.82%     97.57% |        2708      2.18%     99.75% |          58      0.05%     99.80% |         106      0.09%     99.88% |         123      0.10%     99.98% |          22      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       124062                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       227261                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     10.034520                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.745688                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    34.460602                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      223223     98.22%     98.22% |        3113      1.37%     99.59% |         789      0.35%     99.94% |          71      0.03%     99.97% |          29      0.01%     99.98% |          29      0.01%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       227261                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       212340                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000466                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000402                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.021587                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      212241     99.95%     99.95% |          99      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       212340                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        14921                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   110.135782                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    88.046601                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    85.809579                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       10883     72.94%     72.94% |        3113     20.86%     93.80% |         789      5.29%     99.09% |          71      0.48%     99.56% |          29      0.19%     99.76% |          29      0.19%     99.95% |           7      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        14921                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.254601                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.423135                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.768155                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         624     95.71%     95.71% |          18      2.76%     98.47% |           5      0.77%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           3      0.46%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         624    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    78.785714                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    64.782348                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    61.005985                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          18     64.29%     64.29% |           5     17.86%     82.14% |           0      0.00%     82.14% |           0      0.00%     82.14% |           3     10.71%     92.86% |           1      3.57%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         652    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         652    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks       368475                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      6952021                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        66918                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                   725268                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                1945356                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                  1755926                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses              2670624                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                23169392                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                 1949728                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                 720896                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits               479305                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses            1470423                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits              245963                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses            474933                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                     1024                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles               46984930                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                   16384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles              22406873                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles           83022700                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              9896673                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time         22406873                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time      41946112                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         9896673                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time           32264637                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         175716444                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles         41341822                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0            368475                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1             66918                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2            146730                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles         5481756                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      329713     25.39%     25.39% |      322934     24.87%     50.26% |      323089     24.88%     75.15% |      322679     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1298415                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      180362     25.70%     25.70% |      173776     24.77%     50.47% |      173803     24.77%     75.24% |      173729     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       701670                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      329738     25.39%     25.39% |      322934     24.87%     50.27% |      323089     24.88%     75.15% |      322678     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1298439                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      186179     25.68%     25.68% |      179597     24.77%     50.45% |      179629     24.78%     75.23% |      179556     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       724961                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6000     25.00%     25.00% |        6000     25.00%     50.00% |        6000     25.00%     75.00% |        6000     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24000                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      141159     25.03%     25.03% |      140966     24.99%     50.02% |      141094     25.02%     75.04% |      140758     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       563977                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      329713     25.39%     25.39% |      322934     24.87%     50.26% |      323089     24.88%     75.15% |      322679     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1298415                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5817     24.98%     24.98% |        5821     24.99%     49.97% |        5826     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23291                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5817     24.98%     24.98% |        5821     24.99%     49.97% |        5826     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23291                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      180126     25.70%     25.70% |      173597     24.77%     50.47% |      173629     24.77%     75.24% |      173556     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       700908                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          709                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      141159     25.03%     25.03% |      140966     24.99%     50.02% |      141094     25.02%     75.04% |      140758     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       563977                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      329713     25.39%     25.39% |      322934     24.87%     50.26% |      323089     24.88%     75.15% |      322678     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1298414                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      180126     25.70%     25.70% |      173597     24.77%     50.47% |      173629     24.77%     75.24% |      173556     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       700908                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          709                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          709                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     8396766     80.55%     80.55% |          18      0.00%     80.55% |     2027366     19.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     10424150                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    12401854    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total     12401854                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    20523009     96.49%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |      746136      3.51%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     21269145                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       17841     99.90%     99.90% |          18      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        17859                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      807324     25.68%     25.68% |           0      0.00%     25.68% |     2337071     74.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      3144395                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      188835     10.68%     10.68% |          16      0.00%     10.69% |     1578440     89.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      1767291                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      623553     55.19%     55.19% |           0      0.00%     55.19% |      506239     44.81%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1129792                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      685099     24.74%     24.74% |           0      0.00%     24.74% |     2084167     75.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      2769266                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      188257     10.66%     10.66% |           9      0.00%     10.66% |     1578440     89.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      1766706                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      121016    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       121016                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      498947     49.64%     49.64% |           0      0.00%     49.64% |      506239     50.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1005186                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11051    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11051                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         996     99.10%     99.10% |           9      0.90%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         1005                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        3048    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         3048                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |         127    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total          127                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1724    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1724                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        8207    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total         8207                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    12277734    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     12277734                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        4050     99.95%     99.95% |           2      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         4052                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      120374    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       120374                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     3232914     89.70%     89.70% |           0      0.00%     89.70% |      371256     10.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      3604170                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       35601    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        35601                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        2358     99.33%     99.33% |          16      0.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         2374                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      150794      8.72%      8.72% |           0      0.00%      8.72% |     1578199     91.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      1728993                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     4965400    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      4965400                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    19988205     98.94%     98.94% |           0      0.00%     98.94% |      214657      1.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     20202862                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         382    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          382                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      534305     51.36%     51.36% |           0      0.00%     51.36% |      505968     48.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1040273                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         120      0.06%      0.06% |           0      0.00%      0.06% |      194651     99.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total       194771                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      188835     10.68%     10.68% |          16      0.00%     10.69% |     1578440     89.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      1767291                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      124479    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       124479                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |           7      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       58253     99.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total        58260                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      499074     49.64%     49.64% |           0      0.00%     49.64% |      506239     50.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1005313                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |         992      1.26%      1.26% |           0      0.00%      1.26% |       77670     98.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total        78662                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           56                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         108      0.43%      0.43% |           0      0.00%      0.43% |       25240     99.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total        25348                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      685099     24.74%     24.74% |           0      0.00%     24.74% |     2084167     75.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      2769266                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3869      3.12%      3.12% |        3697      2.98%      6.10% |        3450      2.78%      8.88% |        3504      2.82%     11.70% |        3480      2.80%     14.50% |        3982      3.21%     17.71% |        3705      2.98%     20.69% |        3317      2.67%     23.37% |        3527      2.84%     26.21% |        5135      4.14%     30.35% |        3892      3.14%     33.48% |        3806      3.07%     36.55% |        3506      2.82%     39.37% |        4411      3.55%     42.93% |        3841      3.09%     46.02% |        3804      3.06%     49.09% |        4145      3.34%     52.42% |        4173      3.36%     55.79% |        3673      2.96%     58.75% |        3349      2.70%     61.44% |        3083      2.48%     63.93% |        3761      3.03%     66.96% |        3539      2.85%     69.81% |        3386      2.73%     72.54% |        3613      2.91%     75.45% |        3747      3.02%     78.47% |        3262      2.63%     81.09% |        4629      3.73%     84.82% |        4008      3.23%     88.05% |        5252      4.23%     92.28% |        5121      4.13%     96.41% |        4456      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       124123                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      115397      6.53%      6.53% |       54200      3.07%      9.59% |       53067      3.00%     12.60% |       53809      3.04%     15.64% |       53204      3.01%     18.65% |       52991      3.00%     21.65% |       52580      2.97%     24.62% |       52581      2.97%     27.60% |       52641      2.98%     30.57% |       52999      3.00%     33.57% |       55067      3.12%     36.69% |       54156      3.06%     39.75% |       53568      3.03%     42.78% |       52745      2.98%     45.76% |       52211      2.95%     48.72% |       52447      2.97%     51.68% |       53374      3.02%     54.70% |       52941      2.99%     57.70% |       53206      3.01%     60.71% |       53261      3.01%     63.72% |       53334      3.02%     66.74% |       54720      3.10%     69.83% |       53632      3.03%     72.87% |       52651      2.98%     75.85% |       52819      2.99%     78.83% |       53293      3.01%     81.85% |       52759      2.98%     84.83% |       52498      2.97%     87.80% |       53205      3.01%     90.81% |       52649      2.98%     93.79% |       53268      3.01%     96.80% |       56497      3.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total      1767770                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       40279      4.01%      4.01% |       31232      3.11%      7.11% |       30958      3.08%     10.19% |       31147      3.10%     13.29% |       30955      3.08%     16.37% |       30825      3.07%     19.44% |       31140      3.10%     22.53% |       30810      3.06%     25.60% |       30927      3.08%     28.67% |       31601      3.14%     31.82% |       30835      3.07%     34.88% |       30902      3.07%     37.96% |       31124      3.10%     41.05% |       30688      3.05%     44.11% |       30662      3.05%     47.16% |       30742      3.06%     50.21% |       30893      3.07%     53.29% |       30848      3.07%     56.35% |       31201      3.10%     59.46% |       31154      3.10%     62.56% |       31012      3.08%     65.64% |       32142      3.20%     68.84% |       30996      3.08%     71.92% |       31089      3.09%     75.01% |       31079      3.09%     78.11% |       31057      3.09%     81.19% |       31198      3.10%     84.30% |       31130      3.10%     87.39% |       30964      3.08%     90.47% |       31016      3.09%     93.56% |       33136      3.30%     96.85% |       31619      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1005361                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           4     19.05%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           5     23.81%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           4     19.05%     71.43% |           2      9.52%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           2      9.52%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      155420      5.61%      5.61% |       85317      3.08%      8.69% |       83909      3.03%     11.72% |       84838      3.06%     14.79% |       84059      3.04%     17.82% |       83633      3.02%     20.84% |       83624      3.02%     23.86% |       83304      3.01%     26.87% |       83472      3.01%     29.88% |       84516      3.05%     32.94% |       85751      3.10%     36.03% |       84948      3.07%     39.10% |       84596      3.05%     42.15% |       83333      3.01%     45.16% |       82752      2.99%     48.15% |       83100      3.00%     51.15% |       84184      3.04%     54.19% |       83690      3.02%     57.21% |       84266      3.04%     60.26% |       84316      3.04%     63.30% |       84210      3.04%     66.34% |       86641      3.13%     69.47% |       84497      3.05%     72.52% |       83648      3.02%     75.54% |       83796      3.03%     78.57% |       84245      3.04%     81.61% |       83864      3.03%     84.64% |       83520      3.02%     87.66% |       84064      3.04%     90.69% |       83562      3.02%     93.71% |       86286      3.12%     96.82% |       87950      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      2769311                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       28193      4.02%      4.02% |       21681      3.09%      7.12% |       21701      3.10%     10.22% |       21693      3.10%     13.31% |       21675      3.09%     16.41% |       21678      3.09%     19.50% |       21680      3.09%     22.59% |       21684      3.09%     25.69% |       21699      3.10%     28.79% |       21698      3.10%     31.88% |       21712      3.10%     34.98% |       21697      3.10%     38.08% |       21680      3.09%     41.17% |       21684      3.09%     44.27% |       21677      3.09%     47.36% |       21679      3.09%     50.46% |       21708      3.10%     53.55% |       21695      3.10%     56.65% |       21698      3.10%     59.75% |       21695      3.10%     62.84% |       21679      3.09%     65.94% |       21705      3.10%     69.04% |       21697      3.10%     72.13% |       21694      3.10%     75.23% |       21709      3.10%     78.33% |       21704      3.10%     81.42% |       21705      3.10%     84.52% |       21687      3.10%     87.62% |       21699      3.10%     90.72% |       21680      3.09%     93.81% |       21686      3.10%     96.90% |       21687      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       700639                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       17848      3.16%      3.16% |       17612      3.12%      6.28% |       17687      3.13%      9.42% |       17614      3.12%     12.54% |       17605      3.12%     15.66% |       17600      3.12%     18.78% |       17594      3.12%     21.90% |       17634      3.13%     25.02% |       17646      3.13%     28.15% |       17632      3.12%     31.28% |       17703      3.14%     34.41% |       17614      3.12%     37.53% |       17680      3.13%     40.67% |       17667      3.13%     43.80% |       17667      3.13%     46.93% |       17603      3.12%     50.05% |       17609      3.12%     53.17% |       17609      3.12%     56.29% |       17632      3.12%     59.42% |       17567      3.11%     62.53% |       17629      3.12%     65.65% |       17684      3.13%     68.79% |       17639      3.13%     71.91% |       17558      3.11%     75.03% |       17608      3.12%     78.15% |       17639      3.13%     81.27% |       17631      3.12%     84.40% |       17539      3.11%     87.51% |       17618      3.12%     90.63% |       17595      3.12%     93.75% |       17614      3.12%     96.87% |       17669      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       564246                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       47152      3.63%      3.63% |       40341      3.11%      6.74% |       40434      3.11%      9.85% |       40353      3.11%     12.96% |       40324      3.11%     16.07% |       40323      3.11%     19.17% |       40320      3.11%     22.28% |       40364      3.11%     25.39% |       40391      3.11%     28.50% |       40377      3.11%     31.61% |       40460      3.12%     34.72% |       40356      3.11%     37.83% |       40405      3.11%     40.94% |       40396      3.11%     44.05% |       40389      3.11%     47.16% |       40327      3.11%     50.27% |       40362      3.11%     53.38% |       40350      3.11%     56.49% |       40376      3.11%     59.60% |       40308      3.10%     62.70% |       40354      3.11%     65.81% |       40436      3.11%     68.92% |       40382      3.11%     72.03% |       40297      3.10%     75.14% |       40363      3.11%     78.24% |       40390      3.11%     81.36% |       40382      3.11%     84.47% |       40270      3.10%     87.57% |       40362      3.11%     90.68% |       40321      3.11%     93.78% |       40346      3.11%     96.89% |       40403      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1298414                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       46128      3.64%      3.64% |       39317      3.11%      6.75% |       39410      3.11%      9.86% |       39329      3.11%     12.97% |       39300      3.11%     16.08% |       39299      3.11%     19.18% |       39296      3.10%     22.29% |       39340      3.11%     25.40% |       39367      3.11%     28.51% |       39353      3.11%     31.62% |       39436      3.12%     34.73% |       39332      3.11%     37.84% |       39381      3.11%     40.95% |       39372      3.11%     44.06% |       39365      3.11%     47.17% |       39303      3.11%     50.28% |       39338      3.11%     53.39% |       39326      3.11%     56.49% |       39352      3.11%     59.60% |       39284      3.10%     62.71% |       39330      3.11%     65.81% |       39412      3.11%     68.93% |       39358      3.11%     72.04% |       39273      3.10%     75.14% |       39339      3.11%     78.25% |       39366      3.11%     81.36% |       39358      3.11%     84.47% |       39246      3.10%     87.57% |       39338      3.11%     90.68% |       39297      3.10%     93.78% |       39322      3.11%     96.89% |       39379      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1265646                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          68     17.71%     17.71% |          12      3.12%     20.83% |          22      5.73%     26.56% |          14      3.65%     30.21% |           6      1.56%     31.77% |           5      1.30%     33.07% |           0      0.00%     33.07% |           2      0.52%     33.59% |          14      3.65%     37.24% |           1      0.26%     37.50% |          16      4.17%     41.67% |           2      0.52%     42.19% |           7      1.82%     44.01% |           2      0.52%     44.53% |           0      0.00%     44.53% |           0      0.00%     44.53% |           1      0.26%     44.79% |           5      1.30%     46.09% |           9      2.34%     48.44% |          12      3.12%     51.56% |          29      7.55%     59.11% |          35      9.11%     68.23% |           8      2.08%     70.31% |           6      1.56%     71.88% |          10      2.60%     74.48% |          12      3.12%     77.60% |          14      3.65%     81.25% |          14      3.65%     84.90% |          15      3.91%     88.80% |          18      4.69%     93.49% |          24      6.25%     99.74% |           1      0.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          384                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         617      3.53%      3.53% |         489      2.80%      6.33% |         520      2.98%      9.30% |         489      2.80%     12.10% |         495      2.83%     14.94% |         499      2.86%     17.79% |         502      2.87%     20.66% |         541      3.10%     23.76% |         530      3.03%     26.79% |         524      3.00%     29.79% |         571      3.27%     33.06% |         553      3.16%     36.22% |         581      3.32%     39.55% |         576      3.30%     42.84% |         571      3.27%     46.11% |         559      3.20%     49.31% |         570      3.26%     52.57% |         575      3.29%     55.86% |         559      3.20%     59.06% |         522      2.99%     62.05% |         516      2.95%     65.00% |         594      3.40%     68.40% |         548      3.14%     71.54% |         524      3.00%     74.54% |         558      3.19%     77.73% |         599      3.43%     81.16% |         562      3.22%     84.37% |         520      2.98%     87.35% |         544      3.11%     90.46% |         541      3.10%     93.56% |         544      3.11%     96.67% |         582      3.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        17475                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      155639      5.61%      5.61% |       85411      3.08%      8.69% |       84020      3.03%     11.72% |       84926      3.06%     14.79% |       84142      3.03%     17.82% |       83735      3.02%     20.84% |       83706      3.02%     23.86% |       83382      3.01%     26.87% |       83566      3.01%     29.88% |       84599      3.05%     32.93% |       85877      3.10%     36.03% |       85046      3.07%     39.10% |       84689      3.05%     42.15% |       83431      3.01%     45.16% |       82850      2.99%     48.15% |       83185      3.00%     51.15% |       84263      3.04%     54.19% |       83778      3.02%     57.21% |       84350      3.04%     60.25% |       84404      3.04%     63.30% |       84319      3.04%     66.34% |       86798      3.13%     69.47% |       84620      3.05%     72.52% |       83735      3.02%     75.54% |       83892      3.03%     78.57% |       84342      3.04%     81.61% |       83957      3.03%     84.64% |       83622      3.02%     87.65% |       84168      3.04%     90.69% |       83664      3.02%     93.71% |       86400      3.12%     96.82% |       88109      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2772625                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         174     11.42%     11.42% |          48      3.15%     14.57% |          44      2.89%     17.45% |          44      2.89%     20.34% |          40      2.62%     22.97% |          42      2.76%     25.72% |          44      2.89%     28.61% |          44      2.89%     31.50% |          44      2.89%     34.38% |          46      3.02%     37.40% |          42      2.76%     40.16% |          42      2.76%     42.91% |          42      2.76%     45.67% |          42      2.76%     48.43% |          42      2.76%     51.18% |          42      2.76%     53.94% |          42      2.76%     56.69% |          44      2.89%     59.58% |          44      2.89%     62.47% |          44      2.89%     65.35% |          44      2.89%     68.24% |          46      3.02%     71.26% |          44      2.89%     74.15% |          42      2.76%     76.90% |          44      2.89%     79.79% |          46      3.02%     82.81% |          44      2.89%     85.70% |          42      2.76%     88.45% |          42      2.76%     91.21% |          44      2.89%     94.09% |          44      2.89%     96.98% |          46      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1524                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         484      3.21%      3.21% |         424      2.81%      6.02% |         447      2.96%      8.98% |         430      2.85%     11.83% |         435      2.88%     14.72% |         418      2.77%     17.49% |         435      2.88%     20.37% |         483      3.20%     23.57% |         465      3.08%     26.66% |         460      3.05%     29.71% |         478      3.17%     32.87% |         474      3.14%     36.02% |         513      3.40%     39.42% |         497      3.29%     42.71% |         489      3.24%     45.95% |         494      3.27%     49.23% |         513      3.40%     52.63% |         509      3.37%     56.00% |         500      3.31%     59.32% |         465      3.08%     62.40% |         451      2.99%     65.39% |         490      3.25%     68.64% |         451      2.99%     71.63% |         458      3.04%     74.66% |         488      3.24%     77.90% |         524      3.47%     81.37% |         499      3.31%     84.68% |         449      2.98%     87.66% |         472      3.13%     90.79% |         475      3.15%     93.93% |         474      3.14%     97.08% |         441      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        15085                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       24651      4.24%      4.24% |       17966      3.09%      7.34% |       18032      3.10%     10.44% |       17963      3.09%     13.54% |       17949      3.09%     16.63% |       17954      3.09%     19.72% |       17934      3.09%     22.81% |       17938      3.09%     25.90% |       17963      3.09%     28.99% |       17963      3.09%     32.08% |       18044      3.11%     35.19% |       17919      3.09%     38.27% |       17941      3.09%     41.36% |       17956      3.09%     44.45% |       17959      3.09%     47.55% |       17892      3.08%     50.63% |       17899      3.08%     53.71% |       17880      3.08%     56.79% |       17918      3.09%     59.87% |       17893      3.08%     62.96% |       17931      3.09%     66.04% |       17960      3.09%     69.14% |       17987      3.10%     72.23% |       17889      3.08%     75.31% |       17915      3.08%     78.40% |       17916      3.08%     81.48% |       17919      3.09%     84.57% |       17871      3.08%     87.65% |       17943      3.09%     90.73% |       17893      3.08%     93.82% |       17900      3.08%     96.90% |       18016      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       580754                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       22017      3.13%      3.13% |       21951      3.12%      6.26% |       21955      3.12%      9.38% |       21960      3.13%     12.51% |       21940      3.12%     15.63% |       21951      3.12%     18.76% |       21951      3.12%     21.88% |       21943      3.12%     25.00% |       21963      3.13%     28.13% |       21954      3.12%     31.25% |       21938      3.12%     34.38% |       21963      3.13%     37.50% |       21951      3.12%     40.63% |       21943      3.12%     43.75% |       21941      3.12%     46.87% |       21941      3.12%     50.00% |       21950      3.12%     53.12% |       21961      3.13%     56.25% |       21958      3.13%     59.37% |       21950      3.12%     62.50% |       21972      3.13%     65.62% |       21986      3.13%     68.75% |       21944      3.12%     71.88% |       21950      3.12%     75.00% |       21960      3.13%     78.13% |       21950      3.12%     81.25% |       21964      3.13%     84.38% |       21951      3.12%     87.50% |       21947      3.12%     90.62% |       21953      3.12%     93.75% |       21972      3.13%     96.88% |       21946      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       702576                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3380      3.10%      3.10% |        3265      3.00%      6.10% |        2996      2.75%      8.85% |        3066      2.82%     11.67% |        3043      2.79%     14.47% |        3558      3.27%     17.73% |        3265      3.00%     20.73% |        2812      2.58%     23.31% |        3062      2.81%     26.13% |        4674      4.29%     30.42% |        3411      3.13%     33.55% |        3329      3.06%     36.61% |        2989      2.75%     39.35% |        3914      3.59%     42.95% |        3345      3.07%     46.02% |        3310      3.04%     49.06% |        3632      3.34%     52.40% |        3663      3.36%     55.76% |        3162      2.90%     58.67% |        2880      2.65%     61.31% |        2631      2.42%     63.73% |        3271      3.00%     66.73% |        3086      2.83%     69.57% |        2926      2.69%     72.25% |        3121      2.87%     75.12% |        3218      2.96%     78.08% |        2761      2.54%     80.61% |        4179      3.84%     84.45% |        3520      3.23%     87.68% |        4763      4.37%     92.06% |        4635      4.26%     96.31% |        4014      3.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       108881                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |          38      9.11%      9.11% |          21      5.04%     14.15% |           9      2.16%     16.31% |          31      7.43%     23.74% |          17      4.08%     27.82% |          81     19.42%     47.24% |          14      3.36%     50.60% |           9      2.16%     52.76% |           2      0.48%     53.24% |           1      0.24%     53.48% |          13      3.12%     56.59% |          12      2.88%     59.47% |           3      0.72%     60.19% |           2      0.48%     60.67% |          27      6.47%     67.15% |           2      0.48%     67.63% |           4      0.96%     68.59% |           9      2.16%     70.74% |          61     14.63%     85.37% |          13      3.12%     88.49% |           0      0.00%     88.49% |           6      1.44%     89.93% |           6      1.44%     91.37% |           4      0.96%     92.33% |           6      1.44%     93.76% |           6      1.44%     95.20% |           0      0.00%     95.20% |           6      1.44%     96.64% |           3      0.72%     97.36% |           1      0.24%     97.60% |           3      0.72%     98.32% |           7      1.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total          417                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      4.00%      4.00% |           4     16.00%     20.00% |           2      8.00%     28.00% |           4     16.00%     44.00% |           1      4.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           1      4.00%     52.00% |           1      4.00%     56.00% |           0      0.00%     56.00% |           4     16.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           5     20.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           1      4.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           1      4.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           25                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           4     19.05%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           5     23.81%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           4     19.05%     71.43% |           2      9.52%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           2      9.52%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     11.11%     11.11% |           1      5.56%     16.67% |           1      5.56%     22.22% |           1      5.56%     27.78% |           2     11.11%     38.89% |           1      5.56%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      5.56%     50.00% |           1      5.56%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      5.56%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           1      5.56%     77.78% |           3     16.67%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         486      3.22%      3.22% |         425      2.82%      6.04% |         446      2.96%      9.00% |         431      2.86%     11.85% |         434      2.88%     14.73% |         419      2.78%     17.51% |         438      2.90%     20.41% |         483      3.20%     23.62% |         465      3.08%     26.70% |         458      3.04%     29.74% |         478      3.17%     32.90% |         476      3.16%     36.06% |         511      3.39%     39.45% |         497      3.30%     42.74% |         489      3.24%     45.99% |         492      3.26%     49.25% |         511      3.39%     52.64% |         508      3.37%     56.00% |         500      3.31%     59.32% |         464      3.08%     62.39% |         451      2.99%     65.38% |         489      3.24%     68.63% |         453      3.00%     71.63% |         460      3.05%     74.68% |         490      3.25%     77.93% |         528      3.50%     81.43% |         500      3.31%     84.74% |         447      2.96%     87.71% |         469      3.11%     90.82% |         473      3.14%     93.95% |         471      3.12%     97.08% |         441      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        15083                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      5.15%      5.15% |           8      8.25%     13.40% |           7      7.22%     20.62% |           8      8.25%     28.87% |           2      2.06%     30.93% |           6      6.19%     37.11% |           5      5.15%     42.27% |           1      1.03%     43.30% |           0      0.00%     43.30% |           1      1.03%     44.33% |           3      3.09%     47.42% |           3      3.09%     50.52% |           4      4.12%     54.64% |           0      0.00%     54.64% |           7      7.22%     61.86% |           0      0.00%     61.86% |           0      0.00%     61.86% |           1      1.03%     62.89% |          11     11.34%     74.23% |           4      4.12%     78.35% |           1      1.03%     79.38% |           0      0.00%     79.38% |           2      2.06%     81.44% |           2      2.06%     83.51% |           4      4.12%     87.63% |           5      5.15%     92.78% |           2      2.06%     94.85% |           1      1.03%     95.88% |           2      2.06%     97.94% |           0      0.00%     97.94% |           1      1.03%     98.97% |           1      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           97                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       90708      7.64%      7.64% |       36213      3.05%     10.70% |       35026      2.95%     13.65% |       35815      3.02%     16.67% |       35238      2.97%     19.64% |       34956      2.95%     22.58% |       34632      2.92%     25.50% |       34634      2.92%     28.42% |       34676      2.92%     31.34% |       35035      2.95%     34.30% |       36998      3.12%     37.41% |       36225      3.05%     40.47% |       35624      3.00%     43.47% |       34787      2.93%     46.40% |       34224      2.88%     49.29% |       34551      2.91%     52.20% |       35471      2.99%     55.19% |       35050      2.95%     58.14% |       35227      2.97%     61.11% |       35355      2.98%     64.09% |       35403      2.98%     67.07% |       36717      3.09%     70.17% |       35637      3.00%     73.17% |       34757      2.93%     76.10% |       34898      2.94%     79.04% |       35369      2.98%     82.02% |       34840      2.94%     84.96% |       34620      2.92%     87.88% |       35259      2.97%     90.85% |       34755      2.93%     93.78% |       35363      2.98%     96.76% |       38474      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total      1186537                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       18261      6.03%      6.03% |        9277      3.06%      9.10% |        9001      2.97%     12.07% |        9183      3.03%     15.10% |        9014      2.98%     18.08% |        8874      2.93%     21.01% |        9189      3.04%     24.05% |        8867      2.93%     26.98% |        8964      2.96%     29.94% |        9646      3.19%     33.13% |        8896      2.94%     36.06% |        8939      2.95%     39.02% |        9169      3.03%     42.05% |        8745      2.89%     44.94% |        8721      2.88%     47.82% |        8801      2.91%     50.72% |        8943      2.95%     53.68% |        8887      2.94%     56.61% |        9238      3.05%     59.67% |        9204      3.04%     62.71% |        9013      2.98%     65.68% |       10135      3.35%     69.03% |        9052      2.99%     72.02% |        9139      3.02%     75.04% |        9118      3.01%     78.05% |        9107      3.01%     81.06% |        9233      3.05%     84.11% |        9179      3.03%     87.14% |        9017      2.98%     90.12% |        9063      2.99%     93.12% |       11164      3.69%     96.80% |        9673      3.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       302712                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       28190      4.02%      4.02% |       21671      3.09%      7.12% |       21696      3.10%     10.21% |       21690      3.10%     13.31% |       21672      3.09%     16.40% |       21674      3.09%     19.50% |       21678      3.09%     22.59% |       21683      3.10%     25.69% |       21697      3.10%     28.79% |       21696      3.10%     31.88% |       21701      3.10%     34.98% |       21697      3.10%     38.08% |       21679      3.09%     41.17% |       21684      3.10%     44.27% |       21676      3.09%     47.36% |       21679      3.09%     50.46% |       21708      3.10%     53.56% |       21694      3.10%     56.65% |       21695      3.10%     59.75% |       21688      3.10%     62.85% |       21675      3.09%     65.94% |       21698      3.10%     69.04% |       21690      3.10%     72.13% |       21693      3.10%     75.23% |       21703      3.10%     78.33% |       21698      3.10%     81.43% |       21702      3.10%     84.52% |       21682      3.10%     87.62% |       21692      3.10%     90.72% |       21673      3.09%     93.81% |       21682      3.10%     96.91% |       21677      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       700513                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       17220      3.15%      3.15% |       17121      3.13%      6.28% |       17150      3.14%      9.42% |       17114      3.13%     12.55% |       17107      3.13%     15.68% |       17100      3.13%     18.81% |       17094      3.13%     21.94% |       17092      3.13%     25.07% |       17104      3.13%     28.19% |       17109      3.13%     31.32% |       17127      3.13%     34.46% |       17059      3.12%     37.58% |       17093      3.13%     40.71% |       17089      3.13%     43.83% |       17097      3.13%     46.96% |       17044      3.12%     50.08% |       17038      3.12%     53.20% |       17030      3.12%     56.31% |       17067      3.12%     59.44% |       17040      3.12%     62.55% |       17088      3.13%     65.68% |       17062      3.12%     68.80% |       17090      3.13%     71.93% |       17029      3.12%     75.04% |       17046      3.12%     78.16% |       17036      3.12%     81.28% |       17058      3.12%     84.40% |       17010      3.11%     87.51% |       17066      3.12%     90.63% |       17043      3.12%     93.75% |       17050      3.12%     96.87% |       17096      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       546569                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          33      4.66%      4.66% |          24      3.39%      8.05% |          22      3.11%     11.16% |          22      3.11%     14.27% |          20      2.82%     17.09% |          21      2.97%     20.06% |          22      3.11%     23.16% |          22      3.11%     26.27% |          22      3.11%     29.38% |          23      3.25%     32.63% |          21      2.97%     35.59% |          21      2.97%     38.56% |          21      2.97%     41.53% |          21      2.97%     44.49% |          21      2.97%     47.46% |          21      2.97%     50.42% |          21      2.97%     53.39% |          22      3.11%     56.50% |          22      3.11%     59.60% |          22      3.11%     62.71% |          22      3.11%     65.82% |          23      3.25%     69.07% |          22      3.11%     72.18% |          21      2.97%     75.14% |          22      3.11%     78.25% |          23      3.25%     81.50% |          22      3.11%     84.60% |          21      2.97%     87.57% |          21      2.97%     90.54% |          22      3.11%     93.64% |          22      3.11%     96.75% |          23      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      155417      5.61%      5.61% |       85317      3.08%      8.69% |       83907      3.03%     11.72% |       84837      3.06%     14.79% |       84057      3.04%     17.82% |       83632      3.02%     20.84% |       83624      3.02%     23.86% |       83303      3.01%     26.87% |       83469      3.01%     29.88% |       84514      3.05%     32.94% |       85750      3.10%     36.03% |       84948      3.07%     39.10% |       84595      3.05%     42.15% |       83331      3.01%     45.16% |       82751      2.99%     48.15% |       83099      3.00%     51.15% |       84184      3.04%     54.19% |       83688      3.02%     57.21% |       84266      3.04%     60.26% |       84316      3.04%     63.30% |       84206      3.04%     66.34% |       86638      3.13%     69.47% |       84497      3.05%     72.52% |       83646      3.02%     75.54% |       83795      3.03%     78.57% |       84244      3.04%     81.61% |       83862      3.03%     84.64% |       83518      3.02%     87.66% |       84061      3.04%     90.69% |       83559      3.02%     93.71% |       86285      3.12%     96.82% |       87950      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      2769266                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           3      2.78%      2.78% |           8      7.41%     10.19% |           4      3.70%     13.89% |           2      1.85%     15.74% |           2      1.85%     17.59% |           2      1.85%     19.44% |           1      0.93%     20.37% |           1      0.93%     21.30% |           2      1.85%     23.15% |           1      0.93%     24.07% |          10      9.26%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      0.93%     34.26% |           2      1.85%     36.11% |           7      6.48%     42.59% |           4      3.70%     46.30% |           7      6.48%     52.78% |           7      6.48%     59.26% |           1      0.93%     60.19% |           5      4.63%     64.81% |           3      2.78%     67.59% |           3      2.78%     70.37% |           5      4.63%     75.00% |           7      6.48%     81.48% |           7      6.48%     87.96% |           4      3.70%     91.67% |           9      8.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          108                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |         142      5.47%      5.47% |          66      2.54%      8.02% |          91      3.51%     11.53% |          69      2.66%     14.19% |          64      2.47%     16.65% |          81      3.12%     19.78% |          62      2.39%     22.17% |          59      2.27%     24.44% |          77      2.97%     27.41% |          65      2.51%     29.92% |          98      3.78%     33.69% |          79      3.05%     36.74% |          76      2.93%     39.67% |          81      3.12%     42.79% |          81      3.12%     45.91% |          67      2.58%     48.50% |          60      2.31%     50.81% |          71      2.74%     53.55% |          65      2.51%     56.05% |          63      2.43%     58.48% |          90      3.47%     61.95% |         133      5.13%     67.08% |          96      3.70%     70.78% |          69      2.66%     73.44% |          72      2.78%     76.21% |          75      2.89%     79.11% |          73      2.81%     81.92% |          82      3.16%     85.08% |          83      3.20%     88.28% |          79      3.05%     91.33% |          93      3.59%     94.91% |         132      5.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         2594                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          20     33.90%     33.90% |           0      0.00%     33.90% |           0      0.00%     33.90% |           0      0.00%     33.90% |           0      0.00%     33.90% |           0      0.00%     33.90% |           0      0.00%     33.90% |           0      0.00%     33.90% |           0      0.00%     33.90% |           0      0.00%     33.90% |           0      0.00%     33.90% |           0      0.00%     33.90% |           0      0.00%     33.90% |           0      0.00%     33.90% |           0      0.00%     33.90% |           0      0.00%     33.90% |           0      0.00%     33.90% |           0      0.00%     33.90% |           0      0.00%     33.90% |           0      0.00%     33.90% |           0      0.00%     33.90% |          14     23.73%     57.63% |          14     23.73%     81.36% |          11     18.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           59                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          12     23.08%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           1      1.92%     25.00% |           2      3.85%     28.85% |           0      0.00%     28.85% |           2      3.85%     32.69% |           0      0.00%     32.69% |           0      0.00%     32.69% |           0      0.00%     32.69% |          29     55.77%     88.46% |           2      3.85%     92.31% |           1      1.92%     94.23% |           0      0.00%     94.23% |           0      0.00%     94.23% |           0      0.00%     94.23% |           1      1.92%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           2      3.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           52                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           25                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       46128      3.64%      3.64% |       39317      3.11%      6.75% |       39410      3.11%      9.86% |       39329      3.11%     12.97% |       39300      3.11%     16.08% |       39299      3.11%     19.18% |       39296      3.10%     22.29% |       39340      3.11%     25.40% |       39367      3.11%     28.51% |       39353      3.11%     31.62% |       39436      3.12%     34.73% |       39332      3.11%     37.84% |       39381      3.11%     40.95% |       39372      3.11%     44.06% |       39365      3.11%     47.17% |       39303      3.11%     50.28% |       39338      3.11%     53.39% |       39326      3.11%     56.49% |       39352      3.11%     59.60% |       39284      3.10%     62.71% |       39330      3.11%     65.81% |       39412      3.11%     68.93% |       39358      3.11%     72.04% |       39273      3.10%     75.14% |       39339      3.11%     78.25% |       39366      3.11%     81.36% |       39358      3.11%     84.47% |       39246      3.10%     87.57% |       39338      3.11%     90.68% |       39297      3.10%     93.78% |       39322      3.11%     96.89% |       39379      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1265646                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          33      4.66%      4.66% |          24      3.39%      8.05% |          22      3.11%     11.16% |          22      3.11%     14.27% |          20      2.82%     17.09% |          21      2.97%     20.06% |          22      3.11%     23.16% |          22      3.11%     26.27% |          22      3.11%     29.38% |          23      3.25%     32.63% |          21      2.97%     35.59% |          21      2.97%     38.56% |          21      2.97%     41.53% |          21      2.97%     44.49% |          21      2.97%     47.46% |          21      2.97%     50.42% |          21      2.97%     53.39% |          22      3.11%     56.50% |          22      3.11%     59.60% |          22      3.11%     62.71% |          22      3.11%     65.82% |          23      3.25%     69.07% |          22      3.11%     72.18% |          21      2.97%     75.14% |          22      3.11%     78.25% |          23      3.25%     81.50% |          22      3.11%     84.60% |          21      2.97%     87.57% |          21      2.97%     90.54% |          22      3.11%     93.64% |          22      3.11%     96.75% |          23      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          54     47.79%     47.79% |           6      5.31%     53.10% |           3      2.65%     55.75% |           1      0.88%     56.64% |           1      0.88%     57.52% |           0      0.00%     57.52% |           0      0.00%     57.52% |           0      0.00%     57.52% |           0      0.00%     57.52% |           0      0.00%     57.52% |           7      6.19%     63.72% |           0      0.00%     63.72% |           0      0.00%     63.72% |           0      0.00%     63.72% |           0      0.00%     63.72% |           0      0.00%     63.72% |           0      0.00%     63.72% |           0      0.00%     63.72% |           1      0.88%     64.60% |           7      6.19%     70.80% |           3      2.65%     73.45% |           3      2.65%     76.11% |           4      3.54%     79.65% |           1      0.88%     80.53% |           4      3.54%     84.07% |           2      1.77%     85.84% |           2      1.77%     87.61% |           2      1.77%     89.38% |           4      3.54%     92.92% |           5      4.42%     97.35% |           3      2.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          113                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      6.12%      6.12% |           2      4.08%     10.20% |           1      2.04%     12.24% |           1      2.04%     14.29% |           1      2.04%     16.33% |           2      4.08%     20.41% |           1      2.04%     22.45% |           1      2.04%     24.49% |           2      4.08%     28.57% |           1      2.04%     30.61% |           3      6.12%     36.73% |           0      0.00%     36.73% |           0      0.00%     36.73% |           0      0.00%     36.73% |           0      0.00%     36.73% |           0      0.00%     36.73% |           0      0.00%     36.73% |           1      2.04%     38.78% |           1      2.04%     40.82% |           0      0.00%     40.82% |           1      2.04%     42.86% |           4      8.16%     51.02% |           3      6.12%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1      2.04%     59.18% |           1      2.04%     61.22% |           1      2.04%     63.27% |           3      6.12%     69.39% |           3      6.12%     75.51% |           2      4.08%     79.59% |           1      2.04%     81.63% |           9     18.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           49                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      8.70%      8.70% |          21     91.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |          14      5.20%      5.20% |           6      2.23%      7.43% |          19      7.06%     14.50% |          13      4.83%     19.33% |           5      1.86%     21.19% |           5      1.86%     23.05% |           0      0.00%     23.05% |           2      0.74%     23.79% |          14      5.20%     29.00% |           1      0.37%     29.37% |           9      3.35%     32.71% |           2      0.74%     33.46% |           7      2.60%     36.06% |           2      0.74%     36.80% |           0      0.00%     36.80% |           0      0.00%     36.80% |           1      0.37%     37.17% |           5      1.86%     39.03% |           8      2.97%     42.01% |           5      1.86%     43.87% |          26      9.67%     53.53% |          32     11.90%     65.43% |           4      1.49%     66.91% |           5      1.86%     68.77% |           6      2.23%     71.00% |           8      2.97%     73.98% |          12      4.46%     78.44% |          12      4.46%     82.90% |          11      4.09%     86.99% |          13      4.83%     91.82% |          21      7.81%     99.63% |           1      0.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          269                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |         128      5.51%      5.51% |          60      2.58%      8.09% |          72      3.10%     11.18% |          56      2.41%     13.59% |          59      2.54%     16.13% |          76      3.27%     19.40% |          62      2.67%     22.06% |          57      2.45%     24.52% |          63      2.71%     27.23% |          64      2.75%     29.98% |          89      3.83%     33.81% |          77      3.31%     37.12% |          69      2.97%     40.09% |          79      3.40%     43.48% |          81      3.48%     46.97% |          67      2.88%     49.85% |          59      2.54%     52.39% |          66      2.84%     55.23% |          57      2.45%     57.68% |          58      2.49%     60.17% |          64      2.75%     62.92% |         101      4.34%     67.27% |          92      3.96%     71.23% |          64      2.75%     73.98% |          66      2.84%     76.82% |          67      2.88%     79.70% |          61      2.62%     82.32% |          70      3.01%     85.33% |          72      3.10%     88.43% |          66      2.84%     91.27% |          72      3.10%     94.37% |         131      5.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         2325                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         486      3.22%      3.22% |         425      2.82%      6.04% |         446      2.96%      9.00% |         431      2.86%     11.85% |         434      2.88%     14.73% |         419      2.78%     17.51% |         438      2.90%     20.41% |         483      3.20%     23.62% |         465      3.08%     26.70% |         458      3.04%     29.74% |         478      3.17%     32.90% |         476      3.16%     36.06% |         511      3.39%     39.45% |         497      3.30%     42.74% |         489      3.24%     45.99% |         492      3.26%     49.25% |         511      3.39%     52.64% |         508      3.37%     56.00% |         500      3.31%     59.32% |         464      3.08%     62.39% |         451      2.99%     65.38% |         489      3.24%     68.63% |         453      3.00%     71.63% |         460      3.05%     74.68% |         490      3.25%     77.93% |         528      3.50%     81.43% |         500      3.31%     84.74% |         447      2.96%     87.71% |         469      3.11%     90.82% |         473      3.14%     93.95% |         471      3.12%     97.08% |         441      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        15083                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     11.11%     11.11% |           1      5.56%     16.67% |           1      5.56%     22.22% |           1      5.56%     27.78% |           2     11.11%     38.89% |           1      5.56%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      5.56%     50.00% |           1      5.56%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      5.56%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           1      5.56%     77.78% |           3     16.67%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       24651      4.24%      4.24% |       17966      3.09%      7.34% |       18032      3.10%     10.44% |       17963      3.09%     13.54% |       17949      3.09%     16.63% |       17954      3.09%     19.72% |       17934      3.09%     22.81% |       17938      3.09%     25.90% |       17963      3.09%     28.99% |       17963      3.09%     32.08% |       18044      3.11%     35.19% |       17919      3.09%     38.27% |       17941      3.09%     41.36% |       17956      3.09%     44.45% |       17959      3.09%     47.55% |       17892      3.08%     50.63% |       17899      3.08%     53.71% |       17880      3.08%     56.79% |       17918      3.09%     59.87% |       17893      3.08%     62.96% |       17931      3.09%     66.04% |       17960      3.09%     69.14% |       17987      3.10%     72.23% |       17889      3.08%     75.31% |       17915      3.08%     78.40% |       17916      3.08%     81.48% |       17919      3.09%     84.57% |       17871      3.08%     87.65% |       17943      3.09%     90.73% |       17893      3.08%     93.82% |       17900      3.08%     96.90% |       18016      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       580754                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         484      3.21%      3.21% |         424      2.81%      6.02% |         447      2.96%      8.98% |         430      2.85%     11.83% |         435      2.88%     14.72% |         418      2.77%     17.49% |         435      2.88%     20.37% |         483      3.20%     23.57% |         465      3.08%     26.66% |         460      3.05%     29.71% |         478      3.17%     32.88% |         474      3.14%     36.02% |         513      3.40%     39.42% |         497      3.29%     42.71% |         489      3.24%     45.96% |         494      3.27%     49.23% |         513      3.40%     52.63% |         509      3.37%     56.01% |         500      3.31%     59.32% |         465      3.08%     62.40% |         451      2.99%     65.39% |         490      3.25%     68.64% |         451      2.99%     71.63% |         458      3.04%     74.67% |         488      3.24%     77.90% |         524      3.47%     81.38% |         499      3.31%     84.69% |         448      2.97%     87.66% |         472      3.13%     90.78% |         475      3.15%     93.93% |         474      3.14%     97.08% |         441      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        15084                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       22017      3.13%      3.13% |       21951      3.12%      6.26% |       21955      3.12%      9.38% |       21960      3.13%     12.51% |       21940      3.12%     15.63% |       21951      3.12%     18.76% |       21951      3.12%     21.88% |       21943      3.12%     25.00% |       21963      3.13%     28.13% |       21954      3.12%     31.25% |       21938      3.12%     34.38% |       21963      3.13%     37.50% |       21951      3.12%     40.63% |       21943      3.12%     43.75% |       21941      3.12%     46.87% |       21941      3.12%     50.00% |       21950      3.12%     53.12% |       21961      3.13%     56.25% |       21958      3.13%     59.37% |       21950      3.12%     62.50% |       21972      3.13%     65.62% |       21986      3.13%     68.75% |       21944      3.12%     71.88% |       21950      3.12%     75.00% |       21960      3.13%     78.13% |       21950      3.12%     81.25% |       21964      3.13%     84.38% |       21951      3.12%     87.50% |       21947      3.12%     90.62% |       21953      3.12%     93.75% |       21972      3.13%     96.88% |       21946      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       702576                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      4.35%      4.35% |           4      8.70%     13.04% |           6     13.04%     26.09% |           5     10.87%     36.96% |           1      2.17%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           1      2.17%     41.30% |           1      2.17%     43.48% |           0      0.00%     43.48% |           4      8.70%     52.17% |           0      0.00%     52.17% |           5     10.87%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           9     19.57%     82.61% |           2      4.35%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           1      2.17%     89.13% |           0      0.00%     89.13% |           1      2.17%     91.30% |           1      2.17%     93.48% |           2      4.35%     97.83% |           0      0.00%     97.83% |           1      2.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           46                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           3      6.67%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           2      4.44%     11.11% |           1      2.22%     13.33% |           2      4.44%     17.78% |           1      2.22%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           1      2.22%     22.22% |           3      6.67%     28.89% |           2      4.44%     33.33% |           1      2.22%     35.56% |           0      0.00%     35.56% |           1      2.22%     37.78% |           2      4.44%     42.22% |           1      2.22%     44.44% |           1      2.22%     46.67% |           0      0.00%     46.67% |           2      4.44%     51.11% |           0      0.00%     51.11% |           0      0.00%     51.11% |           4      8.89%     60.00% |           3      6.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           2      4.44%     71.11% |           1      2.22%     73.33% |           1      2.22%     75.56% |           2      4.44%     80.00% |           2      4.44%     84.44% |           3      6.67%     91.11% |           3      6.67%     97.78% |           1      2.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total           45                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      155637      5.61%      5.61% |       85407      3.08%      8.69% |       84014      3.03%     11.72% |       84921      3.06%     14.79% |       84141      3.03%     17.82% |       83735      3.02%     20.84% |       83706      3.02%     23.86% |       83382      3.01%     26.87% |       83566      3.01%     29.88% |       84598      3.05%     32.93% |       85876      3.10%     36.03% |       85046      3.07%     39.10% |       84685      3.05%     42.15% |       83431      3.01%     45.16% |       82845      2.99%     48.15% |       83185      3.00%     51.15% |       84263      3.04%     54.19% |       83778      3.02%     57.21% |       84341      3.04%     60.25% |       84402      3.04%     63.30% |       84319      3.04%     66.34% |       86798      3.13%     69.47% |       84620      3.05%     72.52% |       83735      3.02%     75.54% |       83891      3.03%     78.57% |       84342      3.04%     81.61% |       83956      3.03%     84.64% |       83621      3.02%     87.65% |       84166      3.04%     90.69% |       83664      3.02%     93.71% |       86399      3.12%     96.82% |       88109      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2772579                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total            2                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      435395     21.37%     21.37% |     1018542     50.00%     71.37% |      583147     28.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      2037084                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      435395     21.37%     21.37% |     1018542     50.00%     71.37% |      583147     28.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      2037084                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      435395     21.37%     21.37% |     1018542     50.00%     71.37% |      583147     28.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      2037084                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      435395     21.37%     21.37% |     1018542     50.00%     71.37% |      583147     28.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      2037084                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
