
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.122914                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                122913591500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5299081670000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  22535                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    39561                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               47267243                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                6336264                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2600.40                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    58599339                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     102873136                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     41189120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          41189120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     19367488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       19367488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       643580                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             643580                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       302617                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            302617                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    335106309                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            335106309                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    157569946                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           157569946                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    492676255                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           492676255                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     643580                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    302617                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   643580                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  302617                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              41156352                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  32768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               19367424                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               41189120                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            19367488                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   512                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            39808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            40020                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            40317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            40895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            39722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            39787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            40964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            40874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            39499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            39738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           40162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           40925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           39604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           39623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           40503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           40627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            18627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            18949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            19097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            19213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            18790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            18891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            19219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            19160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            18493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            18853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           18942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           19058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           18598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           18688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           19138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           18900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                     5225                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     6149                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 122913091500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               643580                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              302617                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 210129                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  54625                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  46781                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  41608                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                  36855                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                  33028                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                  28983                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                  25215                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                  21871                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                  19052                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                 16469                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                 14188                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                 12400                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                 10617                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  9383                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  7919                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  6947                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  6191                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  5276                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  4731                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  4083                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  3525                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  3017                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  2684                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                  2386                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                  2001                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                  1799                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                  1554                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                  1335                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  1208                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  1049                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                  6159                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  48011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  54132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  56443                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  56797                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  56041                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                  11267                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   8726                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                  11200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       307974                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   196.519446                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   151.177397                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   147.387410                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       102559     33.30%     33.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        96455     31.32%     64.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        72761     23.63%     88.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        18166      5.90%     94.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        13301      4.32%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2485      0.81%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1224      0.40%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          654      0.21%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          369      0.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       307974                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        49135                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.087738                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    29.390653                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48810     99.34%     99.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          273      0.56%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           29      0.06%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           11      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            7      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        49135                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        49135                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.158868                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.825704                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.539098                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          41254     83.96%     83.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          4797      9.76%     93.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1686      3.43%     97.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1398      2.85%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        49135                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 44325036037                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            56382561037                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                3215340000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    68927.45                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               87677.45                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      334.84                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      157.57                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   335.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   157.57                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        3.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    2.62                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.48                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      3.02                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  470829                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 166870                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                73.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               55.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    129902.22                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   67.43                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20283097750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     4104100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    98519078250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0             1171573200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1             1156543920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              639251250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              631050750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            2514525000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            2501155800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            984545280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            976276800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         8027619600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         8027619600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        51476236020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        51007064175                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        28589164500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        29000718750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          93402914850                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          93300429795                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          759.952446                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          759.118599                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     40390592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          40390592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     18740608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       18740608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       631103                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             631103                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       292822                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            292822                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    328609648                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            328609648                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    152469778                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           152469778                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    481079426                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           481079426                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     631103                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    292822                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   631103                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  292822                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              40359680                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  30912                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               18740416                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               40390592                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            18740608                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   483                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            39176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            39237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            39480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            39804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            39222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            39004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            40492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            39894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            38845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            38923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           39351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           39912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           39117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           38769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           39654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           39740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            18133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            18277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            18558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            18542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            18298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            18225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            18504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            18526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            17957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            18237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           18337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           18401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           18152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           18030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           18311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           18331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                     3993                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     5530                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 122912839500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               631103                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              292822                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 202611                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  54025                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  46258                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  41009                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                  36720                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                  32649                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                  28881                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                  25396                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                  21886                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                  19146                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                 16352                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                 14161                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                 12191                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                 10568                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  9347                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  8038                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  6918                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  6051                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  5225                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  4610                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  3943                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  3363                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  2932                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  2566                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                  2298                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                  1996                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  1713                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  1491                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  1306                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  1136                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                   993                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                  4841                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  46302                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  52377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  54694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  55219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  54461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                  11032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   8347                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                  10390                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       294499                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   200.677082                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   154.207932                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   149.393701                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        96567     32.79%     32.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        89824     30.50%     63.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        72159     24.50%     87.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        18060      6.13%     93.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        12994      4.41%     98.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2616      0.89%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1214      0.41%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          697      0.24%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          368      0.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       294499                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        47382                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.309189                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    27.049896                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        47056     99.31%     99.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          279      0.59%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           30      0.06%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            9      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        47382                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        47382                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.179963                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.840530                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.561139                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          39650     83.68%     83.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          4694      9.91%     93.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1708      3.60%     97.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1330      2.81%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        47382                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 43000532341                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            54824657341                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                3153100000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    68187.71                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               86937.71                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      328.36                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      152.47                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   328.61                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   152.47                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        3.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    2.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.47                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      3.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  463999                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 164933                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                73.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               56.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    133033.35                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   68.11                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20782392250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     4104100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    98019737750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0             1123166520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1             1103102280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              612838875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              601891125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            2467077600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            2451446400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            952890480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            944447040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         8027619600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         8027619600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        50264103375                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        50032070055                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        29652411000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        29855949000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          93100107450                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          93016525500                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          757.489005                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          756.808958                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     40171072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          40171072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     18727552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       18727552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       627673                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             627673                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       292618                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            292618                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    326823678                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            326823678                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    152363557                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           152363557                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    479187235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           479187235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     627673                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    292618                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   627673                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  292618                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              40141888                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  29184                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               18727424                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               40171072                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            18727552                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   456                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            38986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            39035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            39454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            39648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            38881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            38910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            40111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            39667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            38535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            38789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           39318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           39713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           38669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           38631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           39443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           39427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            18183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            18231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            18574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            18501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            18278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            18281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            18470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            18398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            17997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            18228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           18373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           18358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           18076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           18124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           18348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           18196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                     3643                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     5661                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 122913548500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               627673                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              292618                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 203955                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  54362                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  46512                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                  40989                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                  36252                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                  32331                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                  28381                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                  24915                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                  21749                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                  18863                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                 16123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                 13910                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                 11981                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                 10364                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  8951                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  7986                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  6932                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  5928                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  5109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  4429                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  3825                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  3387                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  2957                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  2498                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                  2196                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  1884                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  1590                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  1391                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  1185                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                   997                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                   858                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                  4427                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  46330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  52318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  54738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  54967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  54050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                  11156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   8444                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                  10615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       292025                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   201.586686                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   155.072830                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   149.472758                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        94785     32.46%     32.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        88818     30.41%     62.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        72762     24.92%     87.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511        17832      6.11%     93.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639        12986      4.45%     98.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2531      0.87%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1216      0.42%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          721      0.25%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          374      0.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       292025                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        47395                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.233759                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    26.898972                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        47098     99.37%     99.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          243      0.51%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           34      0.07%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            9      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            6      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        47395                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        47395                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.173985                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.837857                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.547623                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          39635     83.63%     83.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          4780     10.09%     93.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1634      3.45%     97.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1346      2.84%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        47395                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 42424905533                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            54185224283                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                3136085000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    67639.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               86389.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      326.59                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      152.36                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   326.82                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   152.36                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        3.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    2.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.46                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      3.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  461643                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 166155                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                73.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               56.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    133559.44                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   68.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20881128750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     4104100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    97921001250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0             1111501440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1             1096041240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              606474000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              598038375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            2454511800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            2437570200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            951937920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            944084160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         8027619600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         8027619600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        50526461835                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        50013118125                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        29422272000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        29872573500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          93100778595                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          92989045200                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          757.494466                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          756.585371                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     40360128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          40360128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     18806592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       18806592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       630627                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             630627                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       293853                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            293853                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    328361799                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            328361799                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    153006610                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           153006610                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    481368409                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           481368409                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     630628                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    293853                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   630628                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  293853                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              40330880                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  29312                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               18806336                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               40360192                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            18806592                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   458                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            39091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            39284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            39489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            39989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            38908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            38962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            40403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            39855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            38747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            38939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           39559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           40018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           38733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           38703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           39893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           39597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            18182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            18344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            18583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            18601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            18341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            18348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            18575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            18536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            17997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            18359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           18407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           18483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           18134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           18183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           18477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           18299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                     4434                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     5572                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 122912844500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               630628                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              293853                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 202971                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  54508                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  46880                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                  41415                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                  36615                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                  32631                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                  28894                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                  24998                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                  21468                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                  18497                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                 16032                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                 14056                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                 11927                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                 10322                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  9061                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  7904                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  6610                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  5926                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  5195                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  4584                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  3939                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  3347                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  2977                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  2657                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  2352                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  2075                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  1785                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  1568                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                  1366                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                  1206                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  1050                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                  5354                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  46358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  52538                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  54879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  55271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  54399                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                  11071                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   8696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                  10641                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       294282                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   200.950762                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   154.442165                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   149.356279                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        96394     32.76%     32.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        89170     30.30%     63.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        72868     24.76%     87.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        17989      6.11%     93.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639        13084      4.45%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2489      0.85%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1187      0.40%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          715      0.24%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          386      0.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       294282                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        47495                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.267944                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    27.072361                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        47193     99.36%     99.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          252      0.53%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           29      0.06%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           10      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            7      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        47495                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        47495                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.186946                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.844590                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.575581                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          39719     83.63%     83.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          4703      9.90%     93.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1665      3.51%     97.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1408      2.96%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        47495                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 43523247108                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            55338934608                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                3150850000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    69065.88                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               87815.88                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      328.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      153.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   328.36                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   153.01                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        3.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    2.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.47                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  463475                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 166253                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                73.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               56.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    132953.35                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   68.15                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20346260750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     4104100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    98455869250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0             1119462120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1             1105234200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              610817625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              603054375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            2464581600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            2450557200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            955825920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            948250800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         8027619600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         8027619600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        50234540895                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        49777946955                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        29678343000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        30078864000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          93091190760                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          92991527130                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          757.416456                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          756.605565                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1253                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1253                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1479                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1479                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               253                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              253                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          568                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5970                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          924                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4526                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5538                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               203500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              573000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              544380                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              133880                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1992500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          378                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1548288                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          378                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               26979554                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 53.911234                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                31.493408                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev               102.979357                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    25265311     93.65%     93.65% |      520602      1.93%     95.58% |      315949      1.17%     96.75% |      336357      1.25%     97.99% |      334362      1.24%     99.23% |      174408      0.65%     99.88% |       30932      0.11%     99.99% |        1631      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 26979554                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     41524936                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       3.211327                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.810322                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      5.887352                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    36902993     88.87%     88.87% |     1586843      3.82%     92.69% |      319180      0.77%     93.46% |      303541      0.73%     94.19% |      332089      0.80%     94.99% |      488343      1.18%     96.17% |      578230      1.39%     97.56% |      651794      1.57%     99.13% |      361923      0.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      41524936                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            41524934                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              40.022714                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.810211                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            147.825233                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    41338963     99.55%     99.55% |      180004      0.43%     99.99% |        5646      0.01%    100.00% |         310      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              41524934                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        37043781                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000281                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000236                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.018712                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    37034479     99.97%     99.97% |        8342      0.02%    100.00% |         817      0.00%    100.00% |         132      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          37043781                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        4481153                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        346.071383                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       238.168106                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       312.249103                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     4295182     95.85%     95.85% |      180004      4.02%     99.87% |        5646      0.13%     99.99% |         310      0.01%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          4481153                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    96468992                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    8388608                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         766077                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       766077                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           17                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           27                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles           21                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles           13                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     26169258                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       896985                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     27066243                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits     10867004                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       126542                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses     10993546                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load      1364821                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        37766                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       510691                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2034555                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        63980                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           34                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           34                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits         2263                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       845968                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       848231                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles       314450                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1714                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses       864565                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       866279                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles       318808                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1945                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses       900432                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       902377                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles       339360                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1597                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses       846629                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       848226                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles       307976                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       137965                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        89469                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       227434                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        56977                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        80076                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses       137053                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        57819                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        80023                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses       137842                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        56386                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        80228                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses       136614                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        54378                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        80921                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses       135299                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        56460                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        80036                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses       136496                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        54864                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        79813                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses       134677                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        54516                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        80186                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses       134702                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        55489                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        80623                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses       136112                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        55681                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        80381                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses       136062                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        55943                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        79921                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses       135864                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        55482                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        80242                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses       135724                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        55736                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        79736                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses       135472                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        54781                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        80844                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses       135625                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        70604                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        80271                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses       150875                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        64508                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        79695                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses       144203                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        54952                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        79972                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses       134924                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        55161                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        80483                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses       135644                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        55689                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        80334                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses       136023                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        55432                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        79720                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses       135152                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        56326                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        80089                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses       136415                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        56279                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        80700                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses       136979                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        57308                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        80045                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses       137353                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        57635                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        79983                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses       137618                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        61196                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        79584                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses       140780                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        67174                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        80098                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses       147272                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        55031                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        80638                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses       135669                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        55890                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        79880                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses       135770                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        55609                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        79591                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses       135200                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        54067                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        80152                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses       134219                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        54258                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        80662                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses       134920                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        56788                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        80375                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses       137163                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           20                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     26643740                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     26643740                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     27601014                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     26643740                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity     12941423                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity     12828464                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     26643740                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.108384                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads     19115441                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes     19115441                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity     20293870                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity     19115441                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity     10625313                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity     10465041                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity     19115441                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.077760                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads     18603469                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes     18603469                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity     20257515                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity     18603469                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      8834634                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      8680833                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity     18603469                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.075677                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads     18249596                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes     18249596                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity     19972361                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity     18249596                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      8893344                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      8727084                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity     18249596                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.074238                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads     18242087                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes     18242087                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity     20191478                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity     18242087                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      9456211                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      9226667                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity     18242087                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.074207                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads     18453706                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes     18453706                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity     20431840                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity     18453706                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      9664816                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      9415862                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity     18453706                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.075068                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads     12473593                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes     12473593                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity     13015510                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity     12473593                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4713980                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4623505                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity     12473593                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.050741                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads     10475615                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes     10475615                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity     11032260                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10475615                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4067948                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3985371                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity     10475615                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.042614                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      6291533                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      6291533                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6355612                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6291533                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3019393                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3017209                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      6291533                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.025593                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      6634250                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      6634250                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6712791                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6634250                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3497556                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3493494                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      6634250                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.026987                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      5379613                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      5379613                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5462887                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5379613                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2301249                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2299177                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      5379613                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.021884                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      6743300                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      6743300                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6808884                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6743300                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3146470                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3144468                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      6743300                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.027431                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      7384564                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      7384564                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7486298                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7384564                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3713056                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3709000                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      7384564                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.030040                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      5782883                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      5782883                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5849471                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5782883                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2425948                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2424111                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      5782883                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.023524                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      3267144                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      3267144                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3347943                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3267144                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1394842                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1390724                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      3267144                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.013290                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      5803984                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      5803984                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6017356                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5803984                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2421004                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2404496                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      5803984                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.023610                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      6936639                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      6936639                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7043692                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6936639                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2722905                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2715259                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      6936639                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.028218                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      6303908                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      6303908                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6407521                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6303908                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2518602                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2513440                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      6303908                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.025644                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      6088122                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      6088122                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6272865                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6088122                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2568436                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2556586                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      6088122                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.024766                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      3294351                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      3294351                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3415849                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3294351                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1407187                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1401151                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      3294351                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.013401                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      3374920                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      3374920                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3387688                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3374920                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1660760                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1660384                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      3374920                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.013729                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      3990270                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      3990270                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4014392                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3990270                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2125466                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2122610                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      3990270                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.016232                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      3349637                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      3349637                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3376738                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3349636                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1581354                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1581336                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      3349636                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.013626                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      2175260                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      2175260                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2175260                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2175260                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       973088                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       973088                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      2175260                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.008849                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      3323846                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      3323846                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3336104                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3323846                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1611040                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1610638                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      3323846                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.013521                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      3788880                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      3788880                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3813022                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3788880                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2015657                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2012656                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      3788880                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.015413                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      3256421                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      3256421                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3283014                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3256420                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1528124                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1528096                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      3256420                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.013247                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      2187230                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      2187230                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2187230                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2187230                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       976862                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       976862                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      2187230                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.008897                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads     13939447                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes     13939447                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity     14813665                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity     13939447                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6334403                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6297059                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity     13939447                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.056704                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads     14335009                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes     14335009                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15082104                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14335009                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6555837                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6527141                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity     14335009                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.058313                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads     13327573                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes     13327573                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity     14308687                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity     13327573                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5442101                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5340753                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity     13327573                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.054215                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads     13834229                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes     13834229                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity     14720115                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity     13834229                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5708737                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5634189                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity     13834229                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.056276                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    20395932     27.51%     27.51% |    49267549     66.46%     93.98% |     4465622      6.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     74129103                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    20395932     27.51%     27.51% |    49267551     66.46%     93.98% |     4465622      6.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     74129105                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   722669545                       |  1292484485                       |   106603456                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |  1620513939                       |   203223805                       |     4467514                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   35.432043                       |   26.233992                       |   23.872029                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   79.452802                       |    4.124902                       |    1.000424                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    28.622463                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    24.662449                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         53.284912                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.004850                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.102541      6.87%      6.87% |    0.102383      6.85%     13.72% |    0.100831      6.75%     20.47% |    0.100566      6.73%     27.20% |    0.250433     16.77%     43.97% |    0.245899     16.46%     60.43% |    0.250253     16.75%     77.19% |    0.245643     16.45%     93.63% |    0.023770      1.59%     95.22% |    0.023778      1.59%     96.82% |    0.023777      1.59%     98.41% |    0.023774      1.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.493648                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.037253                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.022968                       |    0.000000                       |    0.014420                       |    0.014814                       |    0.015469                       |    0.014341                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.006954                       |    0.004532                       |    0.004491                       |    0.004546                       |    0.004502                       |    0.004490                       |    0.004475                       |    0.004461                       |    0.004481                       |    0.004530                       |    0.004548                       |    0.004523                       |    0.004494                       |    0.004508                       |    0.004462                       |    0.004470                       |    0.004505                       |    0.004503                       |    0.004496                       |    0.004499                       |    0.004501                       |    0.004864                       |    0.004696                       |    0.004477                       |    0.004497                       |    0.004505                       |    0.004480                       |    0.004508                       |    0.004530                       |    0.004526                       |    0.004607                       |    0.004776                       |    0.015701                       |    0.015396                       |    0.015312                       |    0.015384                       |    0.000099                       |           0                       |    0.001987                       |    0.005104                       |    0.000752                       |    0.000800                       |    0.000764                       |    0.000801                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004412                       |    0.000100                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004600                       |    0.004617                       |           0                       |    0.004384                       |           0                       |    0.007501                       |    0.009081                       |    0.004627                       |           0                       |    0.004433                       |    0.010056                       |           0                       |    0.014957                       |    0.015779                       |    0.011479                       |    0.020622                       |    0.004380                       |    0.000752                       |    0.020668                       |    0.017071                       |    0.012184                       |    0.021081                       |    0.004431                       |    0.000800                       |    0.020584                       |    0.019241                       |    0.008101                       |           0                       |    0.004402                       |    0.009795                       |           0                       |    0.016901                       |    0.014908                       |    0.012307                       |           0                       |    0.004404                       |           0                       |    0.009020                       |    0.007450                       |    0.006557                       |           0                       |    0.004401                       |           0                       |    0.004497                       |    0.004623                       |           0                       |    0.004683                       |           0                       |    0.001627                       |    0.004864                       |    0.005057                       |           0                       |    0.004398                       |           0                       |    0.001556                       |    0.006701                       |    0.009394                       |    0.004938                       |    0.021957                       |    0.004400                       |    0.000764                       |    0.006724                       |    0.012967                       |    0.021127                       |    0.006267                       |    0.024528                       |    0.006136                       |    0.001987                       |    0.019652                       |    0.020499                       |    0.028724                       |    0.006859                       |    0.000001                       |    0.004410                       |    0.005104                       |    0.020107                       |    0.019882                       |    0.021422                       |    0.006833                       |    0.020645                       |    0.004371                       |    0.000801                       |    0.010131                       |    0.018936                       |    0.012559                       |    0.007624                       |           0                       |    0.004393                       |           0                       |    0.003503                       |    0.008999                       |    0.006284                       |    0.006861                       |           0                       |    0.004396                       |           0                       |    0.001574                       |    0.004505                       |    0.004938                       |           0                       |    0.004509                       |           0                       |    0.000049                       |    0.004696                       |    0.004372                       |           0                       |    0.004416                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003873                       |    0.009243                       |    0.004352                       |           0                       |    0.004487                       |    0.009764                       |           0                       |    0.012099                       |    0.007702                       |    0.015801                       |    0.004362                       |           0                       |    0.004367                       |           0                       |    0.023281                       |    0.009697                       |    0.008998                       |    0.004398                       |           0                       |    0.004362                       |           0                       |    0.012363                       |    0.013246                       |    0.008251                       |    0.004391                       |           0                       |    0.004602                       |    0.009808                       |           0                       |    0.012706                       |    0.017102                       |    0.007675                       |    0.004384                       |           0                       |    0.004389                       |           0                       |    0.001925                       |    0.008989                       |    0.003829                       |    0.004394                       |           0                       |    0.004377                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004480                       |    0.004389                       |           0                       |    0.004372                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004477                       |           0                       |    0.004352                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.008939                       |           0                       |    0.004362                       |           0                       |    0.009089                       |           0                       |    0.010159                       |           0                       |    0.004398                       |           0                       |    0.010360                       |    0.005840                       |    0.007620                       |           0                       |    0.004391                       |           0                       |    0.005219                       |    0.009156                       |    0.006878                       |           0                       |    0.004384                       |           0                       |    0.011252                       |    0.009130                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004394                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.009008                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004389                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004508                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.493648                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         9344267                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      9344267                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       389970                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      6691275                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         6075050                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     90.790619                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          836964                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30137                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             16640001                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              86358                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            19998353                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            181239                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         16726359                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        20179592                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  36638354                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  267597                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              36905951                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits             11000651                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9641                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses         11010292                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                  11000651                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9641                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses              11010292                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                242280801                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     36163312                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               67003326                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             9344267                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      6912014                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             200615504                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          907286                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             142465                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       182665                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       301932                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3277                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       344434                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          10999983                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        230943                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3954                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    238207232                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.507747                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.727655                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        215039588     90.27%     90.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          2059942      0.86%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          3117793      1.31%     92.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           955881      0.40%     92.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          3240181      1.36%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          1528396      0.64%     94.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          4170832      1.75%     96.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           598796      0.25%     96.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          7495823      3.15%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    238207232                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.038568                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.276552                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         13595238                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     208127002                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6807057                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       9224285                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         453643                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      116460168                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         453643                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         16371137                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       127272721                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     13494927                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          12791842                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      67822955                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      114457359                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         68887                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        8029894                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents        1004660                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       56522688                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    124482734                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     258677140                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    170905180                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          137                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     110988397                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         13494335                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       363544                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       367102                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          56628178                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      9118791                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     20410934                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      2621153                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2394308                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          112379565                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       828931                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         117682813                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       326778                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10016039                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14630504                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       137029                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238207232                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.494035                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.201391                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    187852828     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21776010      9.14%     88.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11016927      4.62%     92.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6579707      2.76%     95.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3883956      1.63%     97.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5181553      2.18%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1083479      0.45%     99.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       472811      0.20%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       359961      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238207232                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          113390      9.71%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         913102     78.17%     87.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        141600     12.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       417238      0.35%      0.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      80399902     68.32%     68.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        52407      0.04%     68.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52160      0.04%     68.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            9      0.00%     68.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     68.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     68.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     68.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     68.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     68.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     68.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     68.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     68.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     68.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     68.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     68.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     68.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     68.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     68.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     68.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     16544420     14.06%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     20216677     17.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      117682813                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.485729                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1168092                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.009926                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    475067566                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    123233163                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    108744447                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          162                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          234                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           54                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      118433583                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              84                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      2664667                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1471951                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2667                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         8993                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       741014                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1831                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      9514409                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         453643                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         6844263                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     111725309                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    113208496                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       108432                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       9118791                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     20410934                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       819509                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         298081                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     111072893                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         8993                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       131503                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       329757                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       461260                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     116970682                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      16329323                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       445079                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             36339973                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          7902385                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           20010650                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.482790                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              108852739                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             108744501                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          56950178                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          89213706                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.448837                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.638357                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     10249420                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       691902                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       403547                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    236523670                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.434938                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.314708                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    196624664     83.13%     83.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17067819      7.22%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11156036      4.72%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2722021      1.15%     96.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2450759      1.04%     97.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1187076      0.50%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1155305      0.49%     98.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       622987      0.26%     98.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3537003      1.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    236523670                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     58599338                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      102873133                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               27316759                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               7646839                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                6050                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            7377321                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 18                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         102182304                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       752678                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       178715      0.17%      0.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     75275604     73.17%     73.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        51123      0.05%     73.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50923      0.05%     73.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            9      0.00%     73.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     73.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     73.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     73.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     73.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     73.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     73.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     73.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     73.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     73.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      7646839      7.43%     80.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     19669920     19.12%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total    102873133                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       3537003                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            345858803                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           227939280                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   87526                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4073569                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3545957                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            58599338                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             102873133                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.134531                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.134531                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.241865                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.241865                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        177404903                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        80123819                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                43                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               70                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          36179122                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         37158999                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        52286102                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         357601                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean              10300209000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            10300209000.000008                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-5.36871e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+09-5.90558e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.90558e+09-6.44245e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+09-6.97932e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.97932e+09-7.51619e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::7.51619e+09-8.05306e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-9.12681e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.12681e+09-9.66368e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.66368e+09-1.02005e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.02005e+10-1.07374e+10            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      12936588                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        82.107572                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       39.914009                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      142.899091                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    11229176     86.80%     86.80% |      513910      3.97%     90.77% |      315812      2.44%     93.22% |      336355      2.60%     95.82% |      334362      2.58%     98.40% |      174408      1.35%     99.75% |       30932      0.24%     99.99% |        1631      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        12936588                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      13863533                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        27.969321                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       25.339740                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       12.507801                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    13687979     98.73%     98.73% |      168723      1.22%     99.95% |        5929      0.04%     99.99% |         763      0.01%    100.00% |         118      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        13863533                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        179433                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        25.388886                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       23.659456                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        8.994452                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |        3033      1.69%      1.69% |       19712     10.99%     12.68% |       62261     34.70%     47.37% |       43624     24.31%     71.69% |       39310     21.91%     93.59% |       10134      5.65%     99.24% |        1227      0.68%     99.93% |         118      0.07%     99.99% |          14      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          179433                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          9600465                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           90.058907                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           9.993234                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         207.804069                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     9513822     99.10%     99.10% |       83206      0.87%     99.96% |        3248      0.03%    100.00% |         183      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            9600465                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      6889637                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000981                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000829                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.034287                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6883432     99.91%     99.91% |        5762      0.08%     99.99% |         344      0.00%    100.00% |          88      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        6889637                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples      2710828                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     311.318797                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    212.600084                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    291.056108                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |     2624185     96.80%     96.80% |       83206      3.07%     99.87% |        3248      0.12%     99.99% |         183      0.01%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total       2710828                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         20651069                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           36.339722                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.328635                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         147.976930                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    20551760     99.52%     99.52% |       96779      0.47%     99.99% |        2398      0.01%    100.00% |         127      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           20651069                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     19028155                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000187                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000155                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.015825                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    19025160     99.98%     99.98% |        2478      0.01%    100.00% |         473      0.00%    100.00% |          44      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       19028155                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1622914                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     427.235265                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    318.424277                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    335.861668                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |     1523605     93.88%     93.88% |       96779      5.96%     99.84% |        2398      0.15%     99.99% |         127      0.01%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1622914                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples     10993544                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        3.985464                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.114142                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      11.469697                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |    10990144     99.97%     99.97% |        3040      0.03%    100.00% |         294      0.00%    100.00% |          48      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total       10993544                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples     10867004                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000303                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    10867003    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total     10867004                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       126540                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    88.615134                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    76.919161                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    64.680741                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      123140     97.31%     97.31% |        3040      2.40%     99.72% |         294      0.23%     99.95% |          48      0.04%     99.99% |          12      0.01%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       126540                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       278546                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     10.978959                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.868005                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    36.280741                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      273470     98.18%     98.18% |        3855      1.38%     99.56% |        1013      0.36%     99.93% |          94      0.03%     99.96% |          56      0.02%     99.98% |          50      0.02%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       278546                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       257708                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000392                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000338                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.019793                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      257607     99.96%     99.96% |         101      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       257708                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        20838                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   109.651598                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    89.495088                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    84.094438                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       15762     75.64%     75.64% |        3855     18.50%     94.14% |        1013      4.86%     99.00% |          94      0.45%     99.45% |          56      0.27%     99.72% |          50      0.24%     99.96% |           7      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        20838                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     7.022901                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.514973                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    22.015516                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         622     94.96%     94.96% |          22      3.36%     98.32% |           5      0.76%     99.08% |           0      0.00%     99.08% |           0      0.00%     99.08% |           4      0.61%     99.69% |           0      0.00%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          622                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         622    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          622                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           33                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    82.848485                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    69.616530                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    60.514007                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          22     66.67%     66.67% |           5     15.15%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     12.12%     93.94% |           0      0.00%     93.94% |           1      3.03%     96.97% |           1      3.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           33                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         655    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         655    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          655                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks       311890                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      8578832                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       176574                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                   162104                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                   250655                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                   170078                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                   255870                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                   177176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                   251215                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                   166156                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                   255533                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                 108648                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                 326913                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                 118722                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                 321698                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                 147720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                 326353                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                 104596                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                 322035                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                   133192                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                   320494                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                   144300                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                   315296                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                   175429                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                   320111                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                   128211                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                   316298                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses               270752                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses               577568                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses               288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses               577568                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses               324896                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses               577568                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses               270752                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses               577568                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 4888878                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                 8036450                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                 4815855                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                 7730797                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                 5381297                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                 8011807                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                 4728438                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                 7798404                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                  155552                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                  454688                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                  165920                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                  454688                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                  186656                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                  454688                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                  155552                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                  454688                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                 115200                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                 122880                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                 122880                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                 122880                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                 138240                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                 122880                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                 115200                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                 122880                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                89204                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits               187230                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                92218                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits               190670                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                95256                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits               187920                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                91001                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits               190178                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses              66348                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses             267458                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses              73702                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses             264018                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses              91400                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses             266768                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses              64551                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses             264510                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               72900                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               63425                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               77860                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               65200                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits               81920                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               63295                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               75155                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               65355                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses             42300                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses             59455                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses             45020                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses             57680                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses             56320                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses             59585                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses             40045                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses             57525                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                       30                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       36                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                       32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       30                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                8804550                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles               11324352                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                8573003                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles               11337110                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                8620914                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles               11340746                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                9167713                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles               11363693                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                     240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     288                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               7568121                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               9580724                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               7163621                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               9615241                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               7231448                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               9631740                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               7695791                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               9590057                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles            4175176                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles            8543977                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles            4646392                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles            8530927                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles            5336402                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles            8494723                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles            4330117                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles            8540814                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              5215240                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              3809273                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              5103383                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              3770269                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              5184840                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              3732466                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              5301318                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              3790131                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          7568121                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          9580724                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          7163621                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          9615241                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          7231448                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          9631740                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          7695791                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          9590057                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time       3932655                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time       7864689                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time       4194802                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time       7864689                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time       4719042                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time       7864692                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time       3932676                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time       7864692                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         4465198                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         3714589                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         4500977                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         3690218                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         4576643                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         3657416                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         4766361                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         3719093                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            8549807                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time           10521935                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            8339568                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time           10489776                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            8349632                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time           10514628                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            8867205                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time           10542524                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         225273807                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         229204153                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         225273803                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         229204149                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         225273809                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         229204155                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         225273805                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         229204151                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles         14522937                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles         16536336                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles         14468933                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles         16512950                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles         14472586                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles         16469131                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles         14768526                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles         16488654                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0             24159                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0             52205                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0             25605                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0             52322                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0             28941                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0             52196                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0             24285                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0             52177                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1             24197                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1             17639                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1             26677                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1             19280                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1             25270                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1             17341                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1             27255                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1             18915                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2             28104                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2             38517                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2             29916                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2             42696                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2             25482                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2             38601                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2             32052                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2             42245                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles          233884                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles         2739328                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles          299333                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles         2527019                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles          433821                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles         2772277                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles          267044                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles         2510460                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      643555     25.41%     25.41% |      631103     24.92%     50.32% |      627673     24.78%     75.10% |      630628     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      2532959                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      296759     25.62%     25.62% |      286951     24.77%     50.39% |      286747     24.75%     75.14% |      287982     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      1158439                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      643580     25.41%     25.41% |      631103     24.92%     50.32% |      627672     24.78%     75.10% |      630627     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      2532982                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      302617     25.60%     25.60% |      292822     24.78%     50.38% |      292618     24.76%     75.14% |      293853     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1181910                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           80                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6048     25.00%     25.00% |        6048     25.00%     50.00% |        6048     25.00%     75.00% |        6048     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24192                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      338605     25.24%     25.24% |      335960     25.04%     50.27% |      332734     24.80%     75.07% |      334454     24.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total      1341753                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      643555     25.41%     25.41% |      631103     24.92%     50.32% |      627673     24.78%     75.10% |      630628     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      2532959                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5858     24.96%     24.96% |        5871     25.01%     49.97% |        5871     25.01%     74.99% |        5871     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23471                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5858     24.96%     24.96% |        5871     25.01%     49.97% |        5871     25.01%     74.99% |        5871     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23471                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      296514     25.61%     25.61% |      286774     24.77%     50.38% |      286570     24.75%     75.14% |      287805     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      1157663                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         190     26.35%     26.35% |         177     24.55%     50.90% |         177     24.55%     75.45% |         177     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          721                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      338605     25.24%     25.24% |      335960     25.04%     50.27% |      332734     24.80%     75.07% |      334454     24.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total      1341753                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      643555     25.41%     25.41% |      631103     24.92%     50.32% |      627672     24.78%     75.10% |      630627     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      2532957                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      296514     25.61%     25.61% |      286774     24.77%     50.38% |      286570     24.75%     75.14% |      287805     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      1157663                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         190     26.35%     26.35% |         177     24.55%     50.90% |         177     24.55%     75.45% |         177     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          721                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         190     26.35%     26.35% |         177     24.55%     50.90% |         177     24.55%     75.45% |         177     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          721                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24192                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24192                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24192                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24192                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     7122475     74.15%     74.15% |          34      0.00%     74.15% |      610251      6.35%     80.51% |      620600      6.46%     86.97% |      641334      6.68%     93.65% |      610235      6.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      9604929                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    10993587    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total     10993587                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    19951362     95.30%     95.30% |           0      0.00%     95.30% |      238131      1.14%     96.44% |      245809      1.17%     97.62% |      261167      1.25%     98.86% |      238120      1.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     20934589                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       25824     17.94%     17.94% |          34      0.02%     17.96% |       30760     21.37%     39.33% |       30908     21.47%     60.80% |       29572     20.54%     81.35% |       26849     18.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       143947                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1026885     19.85%     19.85% |           0      0.00%     19.85% |     1014919     19.62%     39.48% |     1053908     20.38%     59.85% |     1073229     20.75%     80.60% |     1003400     19.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      5172341                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          60     27.27%     27.27% |          21      9.55%     36.82% |          53     24.09%     60.91% |          86     39.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total          220                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           5      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |        9650     27.36%     27.38% |       10345     29.33%     56.71% |        9301     26.37%     83.09% |        5965     16.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        35266                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      231132      8.87%      8.87% |          29      0.00%      8.87% |      580028     22.25%     31.11% |      591758     22.70%     53.81% |      613990     23.55%     77.36% |      590201     22.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      2607138                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.01%      0.01% |        9917     28.12%     28.13% |        8863     25.13%     53.27% |        9303     26.38%     79.65% |        7178     20.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        35266                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      792375     43.09%     43.09% |           0      0.00%     43.09% |      256023     13.92%     57.02% |      263944     14.35%     71.37% |      277139     15.07%     86.44% |      249250     13.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1838731                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      886159     21.25%     21.25% |           0      0.00%     21.25% |      799097     19.17%     40.42% |      818198     19.62%     60.05% |      856646     20.55%     80.59% |      809144     19.41%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      4169244                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      225158      8.33%      8.33% |          17      0.00%      8.33% |      609401     22.54%     30.86% |      619710     22.92%     53.78% |      640394     23.68%     77.47% |      609350     22.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      2704030                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122872    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122872                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      664992     40.46%     40.46% |           0      0.00%     40.46% |      236549     14.39%     54.85% |      244843     14.90%     69.75% |      260012     15.82%     85.57% |      237210     14.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1643606                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11154     12.30%     12.30% |           0      0.00%     12.30% |       22343     24.64%     36.94% |       22268     24.56%     61.50% |       20955     23.11%     84.61% |       13950     15.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        90670                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        6666     98.06%     98.06% |          17      0.25%     98.31% |          13      0.19%     98.50% |          12      0.18%     98.68% |          26      0.38%     99.06% |          64      0.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         6798                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        3670    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         3670                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |         151     93.79%     93.79% |           0      0.00%     93.79% |           5      3.11%     96.89% |           0      0.00%     96.89% |           0      0.00%     96.89% |           5      3.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total          161                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        3373      8.12%      8.12% |           0      0.00%      8.12% |        8340     20.09%     28.21% |        8503     20.48%     48.69% |        8523     20.53%     69.22% |       12780     30.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        41519                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       24988     98.97%     98.97% |           0      0.00%     98.97% |          35      0.14%     99.11% |          80      0.32%     99.43% |          75      0.30%     99.72% |          70      0.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        25248                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    10867004    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     10867004                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        4705     61.40%     61.40% |           5      0.07%     61.46% |         774     10.10%     71.56% |         583      7.61%     79.17% |         708      9.24%     88.41% |         888     11.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         7663                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122466     47.72%     47.72% |           0      0.00%     47.72% |       38001     14.81%     62.52% |       37340     14.55%     77.07% |       34725     13.53%     90.60% |       24124      9.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       256656                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     3167540     99.91%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |         727      0.02%     99.93% |         742      0.02%     99.95% |         785      0.02%     99.98% |         692      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      3170486                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       38461    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        38461                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        9515     28.33%     28.33% |          29      0.09%     28.42% |        5249     15.63%     44.05% |        5070     15.10%     59.15% |        4982     14.84%     73.98% |        8737     26.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total        33582                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      183002      7.32%      7.32% |           0      0.00%      7.32% |      565063     22.61%     29.93% |      576455     23.06%     52.99% |      599681     23.99%     76.98% |      575368     23.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      2499569                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        9408     27.40%     27.40% |       10010     29.16%     56.56% |        9080     26.45%     83.01% |        5833     16.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        34331                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     3693903    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      3693903                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    19244366     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |        1501      0.01%     99.99% |         892      0.00%     99.99% |        1085      0.01%    100.00% |         835      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     19248679                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         450      3.89%      3.89% |           0      0.00%      3.89% |        2274     19.64%     23.52% |        2881     24.88%     48.40% |        2807     24.24%     72.64% |        3169     27.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        11581                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      703157     42.11%     42.11% |           0      0.00%     42.11% |      234034     14.02%     56.13% |      241743     14.48%     70.61% |      256965     15.39%     86.00% |      233776     14.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1669675                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          60     27.40%     27.40% |          20      9.13%     36.53% |          53     24.20%     60.73% |          86     39.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total          219                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          10     47.62%     47.62% |           4     19.05%     66.67% |           6     28.57%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |       12257      2.40%      2.40% |           0      0.00%      2.40% |      124112     24.33%     26.73% |      136697     26.79%     53.52% |      125436     24.59%     78.11% |      111701     21.89%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total       510203                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      231132      8.87%      8.87% |          29      0.00%      8.87% |      580021     22.25%     31.11% |      591755     22.70%     53.81% |      613986     23.55%     77.36% |      590200     22.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      2607123                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.01%      0.01% |        9917     28.12%     28.13% |        8863     25.13%     53.27% |        9303     26.38%     79.65% |        7178     20.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        35266                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      127232     65.26%     65.26% |           0      0.00%     65.26% |       19466      9.98%     75.25% |       19100      9.80%     85.04% |       17125      8.78%     93.83% |       12035      6.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       194958                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |        2630      1.35%      1.35% |           0      0.00%      1.35% |       45361     23.30%     24.65% |       53167     27.31%     51.95% |       47899     24.60%     76.55% |       45651     23.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total       194708                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      665143     40.46%     40.46% |           0      0.00%     40.46% |      236554     14.39%     54.86% |      244843     14.90%     69.75% |      260012     15.82%     85.57% |      237215     14.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1643767                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8     72.73%     72.73% |           3     27.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.L1_Replacement::total           11                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_Exclusive |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7     46.67%     46.67% |           3     20.00%     66.67% |           4     26.67%     93.33% |           1      6.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_Exclusive::total           15                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     50.00%     50.00% |           1     16.67%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        4220     94.53%     94.53% |           0      0.00%     94.53% |          75      1.68%     96.21% |          56      1.25%     97.47% |          54      1.21%     98.68% |          59      1.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         4464                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          41    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           41                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        3374     92.09%     92.09% |           0      0.00%     92.09% |          76      2.07%     94.16% |          74      2.02%     96.18% |          70      1.91%     98.09% |          70      1.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         3664                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         110     25.58%     25.58% |         102     23.72%     49.30% |         114     26.51%     75.81% |         104     24.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total          430                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         242     26.02%     26.02% |         335     36.02%     62.04% |         221     23.76%     85.81% |         132     14.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total          930                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      886159     21.26%     21.26% |           0      0.00%     21.26% |      798745     19.16%     40.43% |      817760     19.62%     60.05% |      856311     20.55%     80.59% |      808908     19.41%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      4167883                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         352     25.86%     25.86% |         438     32.18%     58.05% |         335     24.61%     82.66% |         236     17.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total         1361                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3920      3.09%      3.09% |        3796      3.00%      6.09% |        3524      2.78%      8.87% |        3537      2.79%     11.66% |        3622      2.86%     14.52% |        4090      3.23%     17.74% |        3809      3.01%     20.75% |        3374      2.66%     23.41% |        3686      2.91%     26.32% |        5224      4.12%     30.44% |        4051      3.20%     33.64% |        3865      3.05%     36.69% |        3756      2.96%     39.65% |        4417      3.49%     43.14% |        3941      3.11%     46.25% |        3832      3.02%     49.27% |        4254      3.36%     52.63% |        4227      3.34%     55.96% |        3700      2.92%     58.88% |        3352      2.64%     61.53% |        3127      2.47%     63.99% |        3783      2.98%     66.98% |        3578      2.82%     69.80% |        3427      2.70%     72.50% |        3683      2.91%     75.41% |        3835      3.03%     78.44% |        3313      2.61%     81.05% |        4757      3.75%     84.80% |        4044      3.19%     87.99% |        5407      4.27%     92.26% |        5240      4.13%     96.39% |        4569      3.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       126740                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      158777      5.85%      5.85% |       82673      3.05%      8.90% |       81408      3.00%     11.90% |       82526      3.04%     14.94% |       81743      3.01%     17.95% |       81585      3.01%     20.96% |       81047      2.99%     23.95% |       81023      2.99%     26.93% |       81229      2.99%     29.93% |       81582      3.01%     32.93% |       83348      3.07%     36.00% |       82731      3.05%     39.05% |       81752      3.01%     42.06% |       81677      3.01%     45.07% |       80971      2.98%     48.06% |       81084      2.99%     51.05% |       81974      3.02%     54.07% |       81444      3.00%     57.07% |       81807      3.01%     60.08% |       82034      3.02%     63.11% |       81918      3.02%     66.13% |       90457      3.33%     69.46% |       88702      3.27%     72.73% |       81393      3.00%     75.73% |       81372      3.00%     78.73% |       81980      3.02%     81.75% |       81282      3.00%     84.74% |       81141      2.99%     87.73% |       81831      3.02%     90.75% |       81136      2.99%     93.74% |       82023      3.02%     96.76% |       87830      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total      2713480                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       64785      3.94%      3.94% |       50641      3.08%      7.02% |       50591      3.08%     10.10% |       51618      3.14%     13.24% |       50366      3.06%     16.30% |       50155      3.05%     19.35% |       50421      3.07%     22.42% |       49909      3.04%     25.45% |       50086      3.05%     28.50% |       50467      3.07%     31.57% |       50554      3.07%     34.64% |       50097      3.05%     37.69% |       49948      3.04%     40.73% |       50504      3.07%     43.80% |       49857      3.03%     46.83% |       49894      3.03%     49.87% |       50002      3.04%     52.91% |       50483      3.07%     55.98% |       50458      3.07%     59.05% |       50443      3.07%     62.11% |       50734      3.09%     65.20% |       56934      3.46%     68.66% |       52038      3.16%     71.83% |       50240      3.06%     74.88% |       50675      3.08%     77.97% |       50295      3.06%     81.02% |       50647      3.08%     84.11% |       50627      3.08%     87.18% |       51154      3.11%     90.30% |       50924      3.10%     93.39% |       53645      3.26%     96.66% |       54991      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1644183                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           4     22.22%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           4     22.22%     50.00% |           2     11.11%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           2     11.11%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2     11.11%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      217908      5.22%      5.22% |      128168      3.07%      8.30% |      126710      3.04%     11.33% |      128650      3.08%     14.42% |      126501      3.03%     17.45% |      125862      3.02%     20.47% |      125739      3.01%     23.48% |      125015      3.00%     26.48% |      125421      3.01%     29.48% |      126606      3.03%     32.52% |      128198      3.07%     35.59% |      127282      3.05%     38.64% |      125878      3.02%     41.66% |      126444      3.03%     44.69% |      124814      2.99%     47.68% |      124926      2.99%     50.67% |      125707      3.01%     53.69% |      126097      3.02%     56.71% |      126425      3.03%     59.74% |      126425      3.03%     62.77% |      126315      3.03%     65.80% |      141039      3.38%     69.18% |      134594      3.23%     72.41% |      125788      3.02%     75.42% |      126241      3.03%     78.45% |      126818      3.04%     81.49% |      126430      3.03%     84.52% |      125768      3.01%     87.53% |      126998      3.04%     90.58% |      126293      3.03%     93.60% |      129871      3.11%     96.72% |      137034      3.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      4171965                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |          19      2.76%      2.76% |           9      1.31%      4.07% |          21      3.05%      7.12% |          14      2.03%      9.16% |          15      2.18%     11.34% |          13      1.89%     13.23% |          32      4.65%     17.88% |          27      3.92%     21.80% |          20      2.91%     24.71% |          10      1.45%     26.16% |          15      2.18%     28.34% |          20      2.91%     31.25% |           9      1.31%     32.56% |          22      3.20%     35.76% |          41      5.96%     41.72% |          28      4.07%     45.78% |          34      4.94%     50.73% |          21      3.05%     53.78% |          23      3.34%     57.12% |          24      3.49%     60.61% |          16      2.33%     62.94% |          18      2.62%     65.55% |          28      4.07%     69.62% |          32      4.65%     74.27% |          27      3.92%     78.20% |          24      3.49%     81.69% |          29      4.22%     85.90% |          26      3.78%     89.68% |          18      2.62%     92.30% |          19      2.76%     95.06% |          16      2.33%     97.38% |          18      2.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total          688                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       44426      3.86%      3.86% |       35685      3.10%      6.95% |       35758      3.10%     10.06% |       35831      3.11%     13.17% |       35834      3.11%     16.28% |       35649      3.09%     19.37% |       35547      3.09%     22.46% |       35753      3.10%     25.56% |       35735      3.10%     28.66% |       35712      3.10%     31.76% |       35723      3.10%     34.86% |       35867      3.11%     37.98% |       35780      3.11%     41.08% |       35606      3.09%     44.17% |       35568      3.09%     47.26% |       35718      3.10%     50.36% |       35741      3.10%     53.46% |       35739      3.10%     56.56% |       35700      3.10%     59.66% |       35899      3.12%     62.78% |       35834      3.11%     65.89% |       35695      3.10%     68.99% |       35619      3.09%     72.08% |       35756      3.10%     75.18% |       35737      3.10%     78.28% |       35722      3.10%     81.39% |       35742      3.10%     84.49% |       35860      3.11%     87.60% |       35873      3.11%     90.71% |       35656      3.09%     93.81% |       35577      3.09%     96.90% |       35749      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      1152091                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       42673      3.17%      3.17% |       42216      3.13%      6.30% |       41762      3.10%      9.40% |       41931      3.11%     12.51% |       42488      3.15%     15.67% |       41911      3.11%     18.78% |       41668      3.09%     21.87% |       42028      3.12%     24.99% |       42502      3.15%     28.14% |       42386      3.15%     31.29% |       42033      3.12%     34.41% |       42121      3.13%     37.53% |       42775      3.17%     40.71% |       42060      3.12%     43.83% |       41803      3.10%     46.93% |       42056      3.12%     50.06% |       42393      3.15%     53.20% |       42232      3.13%     56.34% |       41844      3.11%     59.44% |       41943      3.11%     62.56% |       42533      3.16%     65.71% |       42135      3.13%     68.84% |       41656      3.09%     71.93% |       41869      3.11%     75.04% |       42391      3.15%     78.18% |       42308      3.14%     81.33% |       41655      3.09%     84.42% |       41845      3.11%     87.52% |       42404      3.15%     90.67% |       42025      3.12%     93.79% |       41650      3.09%     96.88% |       42035      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total      1347331                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       88212      3.48%      3.48% |       78948      3.12%      6.60% |       78566      3.10%      9.70% |       78809      3.11%     12.81% |       79368      3.13%     15.95% |       78605      3.10%     19.05% |       78260      3.09%     22.14% |       78826      3.11%     25.25% |       79283      3.13%     28.38% |       79144      3.12%     31.51% |       78803      3.11%     34.62% |       79034      3.12%     37.74% |       79602      3.14%     40.88% |       78712      3.11%     43.99% |       78417      3.10%     47.08% |       78820      3.11%     50.19% |       79181      3.13%     53.32% |       79017      3.12%     56.44% |       78590      3.10%     59.54% |       78888      3.11%     62.66% |       79413      3.14%     65.79% |       78875      3.11%     68.91% |       78320      3.09%     72.00% |       78670      3.11%     75.10% |       79174      3.13%     78.23% |       79076      3.12%     81.35% |       78443      3.10%     84.45% |       78750      3.11%     87.56% |       79322      3.13%     90.69% |       78726      3.11%     93.80% |       78273      3.09%     96.89% |       78830      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      2532957                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       87188      3.49%      3.49% |       77924      3.12%      6.60% |       77542      3.10%      9.71% |       77785      3.11%     12.82% |       78344      3.13%     15.95% |       77581      3.10%     19.05% |       77236      3.09%     22.14% |       77802      3.11%     25.25% |       78259      3.13%     28.38% |       78120      3.12%     31.51% |       77779      3.11%     34.62% |       78010      3.12%     37.74% |       78578      3.14%     40.88% |       77688      3.11%     43.99% |       77393      3.10%     47.09% |       77796      3.11%     50.20% |       78157      3.13%     53.32% |       77993      3.12%     56.44% |       77566      3.10%     59.55% |       77864      3.11%     62.66% |       78389      3.14%     65.79% |       77851      3.11%     68.91% |       77296      3.09%     72.00% |       77646      3.11%     75.11% |       78150      3.13%     78.23% |       78052      3.12%     81.35% |       77419      3.10%     84.45% |       77726      3.11%     87.56% |       78299      3.13%     90.69% |       77702      3.11%     93.80% |       77249      3.09%     96.89% |       77806      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      2500190                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |         460      3.91%      3.91% |         366      3.11%      7.01% |         319      2.71%      9.72% |         320      2.72%     12.44% |         352      2.99%     15.43% |         313      2.66%     18.09% |         386      3.28%     21.37% |         396      3.36%     24.73% |         386      3.28%     28.01% |         357      3.03%     31.04% |         339      2.88%     33.92% |         319      2.71%     36.63% |         360      3.06%     39.68% |         312      2.65%     42.33% |         396      3.36%     45.69% |         405      3.44%     49.13% |         398      3.38%     52.51% |         342      2.90%     55.42% |         315      2.67%     58.09% |         322      2.73%     60.83% |         434      3.69%     64.51% |         431      3.66%     68.17% |         381      3.24%     71.41% |         408      3.46%     74.87% |         403      3.42%     78.29% |         366      3.11%     81.40% |         302      2.56%     83.97% |         330      2.80%     86.77% |         371      3.15%     89.92% |         374      3.18%     93.10% |         397      3.37%     96.47% |         416      3.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total        11776                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |        1052      2.96%      2.96% |         957      2.70%      5.66% |        1004      2.83%      8.49% |        1008      2.84%     11.33% |        1103      3.11%     14.43% |        1106      3.12%     17.55% |        1170      3.30%     20.84% |        1101      3.10%     23.95% |        1128      3.18%     27.12% |         971      2.74%     29.86% |        1001      2.82%     32.68% |         985      2.77%     35.45% |        1088      3.06%     38.52% |        1118      3.15%     41.67% |        1196      3.37%     45.04% |        1128      3.18%     48.21% |        1191      3.35%     51.57% |        1116      3.14%     54.71% |        1110      3.13%     57.84% |        1138      3.21%     61.04% |        1196      3.37%     64.41% |        1178      3.32%     67.73% |        1178      3.32%     71.05% |        1117      3.15%     74.20% |        1130      3.18%     77.38% |        1102      3.10%     80.48% |        1130      3.18%     83.67% |        1170      3.30%     86.96% |        1199      3.38%     90.34% |        1170      3.30%     93.63% |        1160      3.27%     96.90% |        1100      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total        35501                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |        1285      3.08%      3.08% |        1154      2.76%      5.84% |        1206      2.89%      8.73% |        1204      2.88%     11.62% |        1288      3.09%     14.70% |        1281      3.07%     17.77% |        1353      3.24%     21.01% |        1342      3.22%     24.23% |        1397      3.35%     27.58% |        1243      2.98%     30.55% |        1232      2.95%     33.51% |        1191      2.85%     36.36% |        1307      3.13%     39.49% |        1299      3.11%     42.60% |        1356      3.25%     45.85% |        1316      3.15%     49.00% |        1395      3.34%     52.35% |        1322      3.17%     55.51% |        1307      3.13%     58.64% |        1335      3.20%     61.84% |        1417      3.39%     65.24% |        1372      3.29%     68.52% |        1348      3.23%     71.75% |        1269      3.04%     74.79% |        1283      3.07%     77.87% |        1230      2.95%     80.81% |        1282      3.07%     83.89% |        1342      3.22%     87.10% |        1390      3.33%     90.43% |        1341      3.21%     93.64% |        1349      3.23%     96.88% |        1304      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total        41740                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        2820      3.13%      3.13% |        2559      2.84%      5.96% |        2643      2.93%      8.89% |        2705      3.00%     11.89% |        2777      3.08%     14.97% |        2688      2.98%     17.95% |        2821      3.13%     21.08% |        2890      3.20%     24.28% |        2930      3.25%     27.53% |        2655      2.94%     30.48% |        2815      3.12%     33.60% |        2811      3.12%     36.71% |        2964      3.29%     40.00% |        2807      3.11%     43.11% |        2878      3.19%     46.30% |        2881      3.19%     49.50% |        2937      3.26%     52.75% |        2772      3.07%     55.83% |        2826      3.13%     58.96% |        2927      3.25%     62.20% |        2939      3.26%     65.46% |        2939      3.26%     68.72% |        2899      3.21%     71.94% |        2753      3.05%     74.99% |        2803      3.11%     78.10% |        2703      3.00%     81.09% |        2741      3.04%     84.13% |        2871      3.18%     87.31% |        2856      3.17%     90.48% |        2820      3.13%     93.61% |        2906      3.22%     96.83% |        2860      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        90196                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        1046      2.97%      2.97% |         954      2.71%      5.67% |         999      2.83%      8.50% |        1006      2.85%     11.36% |        1096      3.11%     14.46% |        1102      3.12%     17.59% |        1160      3.29%     20.88% |        1094      3.10%     23.98% |        1121      3.18%     27.16% |         969      2.75%     29.91% |         993      2.82%     32.72% |         979      2.78%     35.50% |        1085      3.08%     38.58% |        1111      3.15%     41.73% |        1183      3.35%     45.08% |        1116      3.16%     48.24% |        1181      3.35%     51.59% |        1108      3.14%     54.74% |        1101      3.12%     57.86% |        1129      3.20%     61.06% |        1190      3.37%     64.43% |        1176      3.33%     67.77% |        1168      3.31%     71.08% |        1103      3.13%     74.21% |        1122      3.18%     77.39% |        1093      3.10%     80.49% |        1117      3.17%     83.66% |        1159      3.29%     86.94% |        1191      3.38%     90.32% |        1163      3.30%     93.62% |        1153      3.27%     96.89% |        1098      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total        35266                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      220492      5.19%      5.19% |      130470      3.07%      8.26% |      129066      3.04%     11.29% |      131029      3.08%     14.37% |      129001      3.03%     17.41% |      128244      3.02%     20.43% |      128278      3.02%     23.44% |      127557      3.00%     26.44% |      127925      3.01%     29.45% |      128836      3.03%     32.48% |      130659      3.07%     35.56% |      129691      3.05%     38.61% |      128337      3.02%     41.63% |      128801      3.03%     44.66% |      127337      3.00%     47.65% |      127443      3.00%     50.65% |      128287      3.02%     53.67% |      128428      3.02%     56.69% |      128814      3.03%     59.72% |      128940      3.03%     62.75% |      128974      3.03%     65.79% |      143592      3.38%     69.17% |      137188      3.23%     72.39% |      128234      3.02%     75.41% |      128721      3.03%     78.44% |      129160      3.04%     81.48% |      128755      3.03%     84.51% |      128281      3.02%     87.52% |      129592      3.05%     90.57% |      128762      3.03%     93.60% |      132447      3.12%     96.72% |      139582      3.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      4250923                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         178     11.47%     11.47% |          46      2.96%     14.43% |          44      2.84%     17.27% |          46      2.96%     20.23% |          44      2.84%     23.07% |          44      2.84%     25.90% |          44      2.84%     28.74% |          44      2.84%     31.57% |          44      2.84%     34.41% |          44      2.84%     37.24% |          46      2.96%     40.21% |          44      2.84%     43.04% |          46      2.96%     46.01% |          44      2.84%     48.84% |          44      2.84%     51.68% |          44      2.84%     54.51% |          46      2.96%     57.47% |          44      2.84%     60.31% |          44      2.84%     63.14% |          44      2.84%     65.98% |          44      2.84%     68.81% |          44      2.84%     71.65% |          44      2.84%     74.48% |          44      2.84%     77.32% |          44      2.84%     80.15% |          44      2.84%     82.99% |          44      2.84%     85.82% |          44      2.84%     88.66% |          44      2.84%     91.49% |          44      2.84%     94.33% |          44      2.84%     97.16% |          44      2.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1552                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         507      3.20%      3.20% |         451      2.84%      6.04% |         453      2.86%      8.90% |         448      2.82%     11.72% |         475      2.99%     14.72% |         431      2.72%     17.43% |         467      2.94%     20.38% |         490      3.09%     23.47% |         520      3.28%     26.74% |         454      2.86%     29.61% |         485      3.06%     32.67% |         495      3.12%     35.79% |         594      3.75%     39.53% |         517      3.26%     42.79% |         502      3.16%     45.96% |         508      3.20%     49.16% |         510      3.22%     52.37% |         531      3.35%     55.72% |         521      3.28%     59.01% |         483      3.05%     62.05% |         464      2.93%     64.98% |         505      3.18%     68.16% |         474      2.99%     71.15% |         453      2.86%     74.01% |         513      3.23%     77.24% |         560      3.53%     80.77% |         504      3.18%     83.95% |         460      2.90%     86.85% |         460      2.90%     89.75% |         555      3.50%     93.25% |         547      3.45%     96.70% |         524      3.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        15861                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       51480      3.78%      3.78% |       42443      3.12%      6.90% |       42025      3.09%      9.98% |       42177      3.10%     13.08% |       42665      3.13%     16.21% |       42176      3.10%     19.31% |       41857      3.07%     22.39% |       42188      3.10%     25.48% |       42636      3.13%     28.61% |       42615      3.13%     31.74% |       42252      3.10%     34.85% |       42323      3.11%     37.96% |       42826      3.15%     41.10% |       42257      3.10%     44.20% |       41949      3.08%     47.28% |       42183      3.10%     50.38% |       42536      3.12%     53.51% |       42396      3.11%     56.62% |       42039      3.09%     59.71% |       42194      3.10%     62.81% |       42642      3.13%     65.94% |       42274      3.10%     69.04% |       41862      3.07%     72.12% |       42067      3.09%     75.21% |       42539      3.12%     78.33% |       42452      3.12%     81.45% |       41871      3.07%     84.52% |       42093      3.09%     87.61% |       42623      3.13%     90.74% |       42150      3.10%     93.84% |       41745      3.07%     96.90% |       42156      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total      1361691                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       36225      3.14%      3.14% |       36054      3.12%      6.26% |       36088      3.12%      9.38% |       36184      3.13%     12.51% |       36228      3.14%     15.65% |       35998      3.12%     18.76% |       35936      3.11%     21.87% |       36148      3.13%     25.00% |       36127      3.13%     28.13% |       36075      3.12%     31.25% |       36066      3.12%     34.37% |       36216      3.13%     37.51% |       36182      3.13%     40.64% |       35938      3.11%     43.75% |       35966      3.11%     46.86% |       36129      3.13%     49.99% |       36135      3.13%     53.12% |       36090      3.12%     56.24% |       36030      3.12%     59.36% |       36211      3.13%     62.49% |       36307      3.14%     65.63% |       36096      3.12%     68.76% |       35985      3.11%     71.87% |       36150      3.13%     75.00% |       36122      3.13%     78.13% |       36064      3.12%     81.25% |       36068      3.12%     84.37% |       36198      3.13%     87.50% |       36239      3.14%     90.64% |       36021      3.12%     93.76% |       35981      3.11%     96.87% |       36150      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total      1155407                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |          10      2.81%      2.81% |           5      1.40%      4.21% |           9      2.53%      6.74% |           8      2.25%      8.99% |           7      1.97%     10.96% |           8      2.25%     13.20% |          14      3.93%     17.13% |          15      4.21%     21.35% |          11      3.09%     24.44% |           5      1.40%     25.84% |           9      2.53%     28.37% |          10      2.81%     31.18% |           4      1.12%     32.30% |          10      2.81%     35.11% |          19      5.34%     40.45% |          11      3.09%     43.54% |          18      5.06%     48.60% |          11      3.09%     51.69% |          13      3.65%     55.34% |          11      3.09%     58.43% |          10      2.81%     61.24% |           8      2.25%     63.48% |          15      4.21%     67.70% |          16      4.49%     72.19% |          14      3.93%     76.12% |          15      4.21%     80.34% |          18      5.06%     85.39% |          13      3.65%     89.04% |          11      3.09%     92.13% |          10      2.81%     94.94% |           9      2.53%     97.47% |           9      2.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total          356                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3408      3.08%      3.08% |        3341      3.02%      6.10% |        3069      2.77%      8.88% |        3085      2.79%     11.67% |        3144      2.84%     14.51% |        3651      3.30%     17.81% |        3339      3.02%     20.83% |        2884      2.61%     23.44% |        3153      2.85%     26.29% |        4768      4.31%     30.60% |        3564      3.22%     33.82% |        3368      3.05%     36.87% |        3111      2.81%     39.68% |        3900      3.53%     43.21% |        3433      3.10%     46.31% |        3324      3.01%     49.31% |        3744      3.39%     52.70% |        3696      3.34%     56.04% |        3168      2.86%     58.91% |        2865      2.59%     61.50% |        2661      2.41%     63.90% |        3277      2.96%     66.87% |        3102      2.80%     69.67% |        2972      2.69%     72.36% |        3164      2.86%     75.22% |        3274      2.96%     78.18% |        2806      2.54%     80.72% |        4297      3.89%     84.60% |        3582      3.24%     87.84% |        4803      4.34%     92.18% |        4645      4.20%     96.38% |        4002      3.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110600                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1574      2.82%      2.82% |        1495      2.68%      5.50% |        1563      2.80%      8.31% |        1714      3.07%     11.38% |        1614      2.89%     14.27% |        1998      3.58%     17.85% |        1621      2.91%     20.76% |        1742      3.12%     23.88% |        1691      3.03%     26.92% |        1624      2.91%     29.83% |        1709      3.06%     32.89% |        1661      2.98%     35.87% |        1710      3.07%     38.94% |        1741      3.12%     42.06% |        1812      3.25%     45.31% |        1819      3.26%     48.57% |        1878      3.37%     51.94% |        1795      3.22%     55.15% |        1805      3.24%     58.39% |        1865      3.34%     61.74% |        1882      3.37%     65.11% |        1896      3.40%     68.51% |        1885      3.38%     71.89% |        1782      3.20%     75.08% |        1752      3.14%     78.23% |        1619      2.90%     81.13% |        1659      2.97%     84.10% |        1864      3.34%     87.45% |        1806      3.24%     90.68% |        1764      3.16%     93.85% |        1690      3.03%     96.88% |        1742      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total        55772                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           2     10.00%     15.00% |           1      5.00%     20.00% |           1      5.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1      5.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           2     10.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           5     25.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           4     20.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           4     22.22%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           4     22.22%     50.00% |           2     11.11%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           2     11.11%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2     11.11%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |          11      1.25%      1.25% |          13      1.47%      2.72% |          13      1.47%      4.20% |          17      1.93%      6.12% |          13      1.47%      7.60% |          29      3.29%     10.88% |          38      4.31%     15.19% |          33      3.74%     18.93% |          25      2.83%     21.77% |          28      3.17%     24.94% |          23      2.61%     27.55% |          21      2.38%     29.93% |          27      3.06%     32.99% |          30      3.40%     36.39% |          53      6.01%     42.40% |          31      3.51%     45.92% |          28      3.17%     49.09% |          26      2.95%     52.04% |          28      3.17%     55.22% |          36      4.08%     59.30% |          32      3.63%     62.93% |          33      3.74%     66.67% |          36      4.08%     70.75% |          32      3.63%     74.38% |          15      1.70%     76.08% |          26      2.95%     79.02% |          38      4.31%     83.33% |          35      3.97%     87.30% |          20      2.27%     89.57% |          25      2.83%     92.40% |          32      3.63%     96.03% |          35      3.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total          882                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           1      5.00%     10.00% |           1      5.00%     15.00% |           1      5.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           3     15.00%     35.00% |           2     10.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           1      5.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      5.00%     55.00% |           0      0.00%     55.00% |           1      5.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1      5.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           2     10.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     10.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |        1755      3.10%      3.10% |        1575      2.78%      5.88% |        1611      2.85%      8.73% |        1619      2.86%     11.59% |        1735      3.07%     14.66% |        1697      3.00%     17.66% |        1787      3.16%     20.81% |        1802      3.18%     24.00% |        1884      3.33%     27.33% |        1666      2.94%     30.27% |        1680      2.97%     33.24% |        1666      2.94%     36.18% |        1867      3.30%     39.48% |        1791      3.16%     42.65% |        1829      3.23%     45.88% |        1803      3.19%     49.06% |        1883      3.33%     52.39% |        1838      3.25%     55.64% |        1802      3.18%     58.82% |        1792      3.17%     61.99% |        1841      3.25%     65.24% |        1843      3.26%     68.50% |        1781      3.15%     71.65% |        1687      2.98%     74.63% |        1767      3.12%     77.75% |        1773      3.13%     80.88% |        1746      3.09%     83.97% |        1774      3.13%     87.10% |        1813      3.20%     90.30% |        1863      3.29%     93.60% |        1844      3.26%     96.85% |        1780      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        56594                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      6.17%      6.17% |           4      4.94%     11.11% |           2      2.47%     13.58% |           4      4.94%     18.52% |           3      3.70%     22.22% |           8      9.88%     32.10% |           3      3.70%     35.80% |           0      0.00%     35.80% |           0      0.00%     35.80% |           2      2.47%     38.27% |           2      2.47%     40.74% |           2      2.47%     43.21% |           4      4.94%     48.15% |           0      0.00%     48.15% |           6      7.41%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |          11     13.58%     69.14% |           4      4.94%     74.07% |           2      2.47%     76.54% |           1      1.23%     77.78% |           2      2.47%     80.25% |           2      2.47%     82.72% |           6      7.41%     90.12% |           1      1.23%     91.36% |           3      3.70%     95.06% |           0      0.00%     95.06% |           2      2.47%     97.53% |           0      0.00%     97.53% |           2      2.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           81                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |      104438      8.34%      8.34% |       37562      3.00%     11.34% |       36616      2.93%     14.27% |       37410      2.99%     17.26% |       36147      2.89%     20.15% |       36083      2.88%     23.03% |       36171      2.89%     25.92% |       35692      2.85%     28.77% |       35461      2.83%     31.60% |       36027      2.88%     34.48% |       38072      3.04%     37.52% |       37491      3.00%     40.52% |       35802      2.86%     43.38% |       36262      2.90%     46.27% |       35736      2.85%     49.13% |       35626      2.85%     51.97% |       36020      2.88%     54.85% |       35814      2.86%     57.71% |       36548      2.92%     60.63% |       36529      2.92%     63.55% |       35904      2.87%     66.42% |       44662      3.57%     69.99% |       43485      3.47%     73.46% |       36133      2.89%     76.35% |       35701      2.85%     79.20% |       36576      2.92%     82.12% |       36404      2.91%     85.03% |       35750      2.86%     87.89% |       35992      2.88%     90.76% |       35844      2.86%     93.62% |       37210      2.97%     96.60% |       42605      3.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total      1251773                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       28538      5.85%      5.85% |       14573      2.99%      8.83% |       14485      2.97%     11.80% |       15421      3.16%     14.96% |       14123      2.89%     17.85% |       14149      2.90%     20.75% |       14475      2.97%     23.72% |       13749      2.82%     26.53% |       13953      2.86%     29.39% |       14365      2.94%     32.33% |       14472      2.96%     35.30% |       13864      2.84%     38.14% |       13746      2.82%     40.96% |       14557      2.98%     43.94% |       13873      2.84%     46.78% |       13747      2.82%     49.60% |       13847      2.84%     52.43% |       14376      2.95%     55.38% |       14403      2.95%     58.33% |       14216      2.91%     61.24% |       14331      2.94%     64.18% |       20768      4.25%     68.43% |       16034      3.28%     71.72% |       14063      2.88%     74.60% |       14535      2.98%     77.58% |       14219      2.91%     80.49% |       14558      2.98%     83.47% |       14415      2.95%     86.42% |       14895      3.05%     89.48% |       14897      3.05%     92.53% |       17648      3.62%     96.14% |       18825      3.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       488120                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       44204      3.86%      3.86% |       35481      3.10%      6.95% |       35572      3.10%     10.06% |       35653      3.11%     13.17% |       35649      3.11%     16.28% |       35457      3.09%     19.38% |       35335      3.08%     22.46% |       35541      3.10%     25.56% |       35532      3.10%     28.66% |       35517      3.10%     31.76% |       35539      3.10%     34.86% |       35687      3.11%     37.98% |       35601      3.11%     41.08% |       35419      3.09%     44.17% |       35355      3.09%     47.26% |       35512      3.10%     50.36% |       35547      3.10%     53.46% |       35555      3.10%     56.56% |       35536      3.10%     59.67% |       35720      3.12%     62.78% |       35657      3.11%     65.89% |       35499      3.10%     68.99% |       35420      3.09%     72.08% |       35545      3.10%     75.19% |       35523      3.10%     78.29% |       35522      3.10%     81.39% |       35585      3.11%     84.49% |       35685      3.11%     87.60% |       35677      3.11%     90.72% |       35446      3.09%     93.81% |       35378      3.09%     96.90% |       35531      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total      1145880                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       39665      3.17%      3.17% |       39492      3.16%      6.33% |       38981      3.12%      9.44% |       39082      3.12%     12.56% |       39537      3.16%     15.72% |       39097      3.12%     18.85% |       38662      3.09%     21.94% |       38947      3.11%     25.05% |       39382      3.15%     28.20% |       39568      3.16%     31.36% |       39055      3.12%     34.48% |       39165      3.13%     37.61% |       39627      3.17%     40.78% |       39121      3.13%     43.90% |       38729      3.09%     47.00% |       38964      3.11%     50.11% |       39242      3.14%     53.25% |       39294      3.14%     56.39% |       38858      3.11%     59.49% |       38864      3.11%     62.60% |       39331      3.14%     65.74% |       38958      3.11%     68.85% |       38565      3.08%     71.94% |       38905      3.11%     75.04% |       39391      3.15%     78.19% |       39430      3.15%     81.34% |       38756      3.10%     84.44% |       38808      3.10%     87.54% |       39365      3.15%     90.69% |       39033      3.12%     93.81% |       38539      3.08%     96.89% |       38975      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total      1251388                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          33      4.60%      4.60% |          23      3.21%      7.81% |          22      3.07%     10.88% |          23      3.21%     14.09% |          22      3.07%     17.15% |          22      3.07%     20.22% |          22      3.07%     23.29% |          21      2.93%     26.22% |          22      3.07%     29.29% |          21      2.93%     32.22% |          23      3.21%     35.43% |          22      3.07%     38.49% |          23      3.21%     41.70% |          22      3.07%     44.77% |          22      3.07%     47.84% |          22      3.07%     50.91% |          23      3.21%     54.11% |          22      3.07%     57.18% |          22      3.07%     60.25% |          22      3.07%     63.32% |          22      3.07%     66.39% |          22      3.07%     69.46% |          22      3.07%     72.52% |          21      2.93%     75.45% |          22      3.07%     78.52% |          22      3.07%     81.59% |          22      3.07%     84.66% |          22      3.07%     87.73% |          22      3.07%     90.79% |          22      3.07%     93.86% |          22      3.07%     96.93% |          22      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          717                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        1046      2.97%      2.97% |         954      2.71%      5.67% |         999      2.83%      8.50% |        1006      2.85%     11.36% |        1096      3.11%     14.46% |        1102      3.12%     17.59% |        1160      3.29%     20.88% |        1094      3.10%     23.98% |        1121      3.18%     27.16% |         969      2.75%     29.91% |         993      2.82%     32.72% |         979      2.78%     35.50% |        1085      3.08%     38.58% |        1111      3.15%     41.73% |        1183      3.35%     45.08% |        1116      3.16%     48.24% |        1181      3.35%     51.59% |        1108      3.14%     54.74% |        1101      3.12%     57.86% |        1129      3.20%     61.06% |        1190      3.37%     64.43% |        1176      3.33%     67.77% |        1168      3.31%     71.08% |        1103      3.13%     74.21% |        1122      3.18%     77.39% |        1093      3.10%     80.49% |        1117      3.17%     83.66% |        1159      3.29%     86.94% |        1191      3.38%     90.32% |        1163      3.30%     93.62% |        1153      3.27%     96.89% |        1098      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total        35266                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |          10      4.55%      4.55% |           5      2.27%      6.82% |          11      5.00%     11.82% |           2      0.91%     12.73% |           6      2.73%     15.45% |           5      2.27%     17.73% |           5      2.27%     20.00% |           6      2.73%     22.73% |           3      1.36%     24.09% |           7      3.18%     27.27% |          12      5.45%     32.73% |           6      2.73%     35.45% |           5      2.27%     37.73% |           0      0.00%     37.73% |          11      5.00%     42.73% |           4      1.82%     44.55% |           5      2.27%     46.82% |           4      1.82%     48.64% |           8      3.64%     52.27% |           6      2.73%     55.00% |          15      6.82%     61.82% |           6      2.73%     64.55% |          14      6.36%     70.91% |          10      4.55%     75.45% |           4      1.82%     77.27% |           7      3.18%     80.45% |           6      2.73%     83.18% |           2      0.91%     84.09% |          14      6.36%     90.45% |           3      1.36%     91.82% |          10      4.55%     96.36% |           8      3.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total          220                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      217839      5.23%      5.23% |      128091      3.07%      8.30% |      126633      3.04%     11.34% |      128546      3.08%     14.42% |      126431      3.03%     17.46% |      125762      3.02%     20.47% |      125622      3.01%     23.49% |      124901      3.00%     26.48% |      125302      3.01%     29.49% |      126445      3.03%     32.52% |      128104      3.07%     35.60% |      127169      3.05%     38.65% |      125726      3.02%     41.67% |      126294      3.03%     44.70% |      124635      2.99%     47.69% |      124769      2.99%     50.68% |      125583      3.01%     53.69% |      125976      3.02%     56.72% |      126299      3.03%     59.75% |      126284      3.03%     62.78% |      126168      3.03%     65.80% |      140828      3.38%     69.18% |      134448      3.23%     72.41% |      125578      3.01%     75.42% |      126095      3.03%     78.45% |      126699      3.04%     81.49% |      126263      3.03%     84.52% |      125622      3.01%     87.53% |      126902      3.04%     90.57% |      126194      3.03%     93.60% |      129761      3.11%     96.72% |      136914      3.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      4167883                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |         221      3.57%      3.57% |         203      3.28%      6.85% |         185      2.99%      9.84% |         177      2.86%     12.70% |         185      2.99%     15.68% |         189      3.05%     18.74% |         210      3.39%     22.13% |         212      3.42%     25.55% |         203      3.28%     28.83% |         194      3.13%     31.97% |         184      2.97%     34.94% |         180      2.91%     37.85% |         178      2.88%     40.72% |         187      3.02%     43.74% |         212      3.42%     47.17% |         206      3.33%     50.49% |         194      3.13%     53.63% |         184      2.97%     56.60% |         163      2.63%     59.23% |         179      2.89%     62.12% |         177      2.86%     64.98% |         194      3.13%     68.12% |         199      3.21%     71.33% |         211      3.41%     74.74% |         212      3.42%     78.16% |         200      3.23%     81.39% |         156      2.52%     83.91% |         175      2.83%     86.74% |         196      3.17%     89.90% |         210      3.39%     93.30% |         199      3.21%     96.51% |         216      3.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total         6191                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |        1253      3.18%      3.18% |        1149      2.92%      6.11% |        1170      2.97%      9.08% |        1230      3.13%     12.21% |        1216      3.09%     15.30% |        1116      2.84%     18.13% |        1218      3.10%     21.23% |        1278      3.25%     24.48% |        1236      3.14%     27.62% |        1152      2.93%     30.55% |        1298      3.30%     33.85% |        1290      3.28%     37.12% |        1281      3.26%     40.38% |        1148      2.92%     43.30% |        1245      3.16%     46.46% |        1289      3.28%     49.74% |        1268      3.22%     52.96% |        1100      2.80%     55.76% |        1184      3.01%     58.77% |        1287      3.27%     62.04% |        1361      3.46%     65.50% |        1333      3.39%     68.89% |        1310      3.33%     72.22% |        1276      3.24%     75.46% |        1233      3.13%     78.59% |        1105      2.81%     81.40% |        1153      2.93%     84.33% |        1263      3.21%     87.54% |        1226      3.12%     90.66% |        1128      2.87%     93.53% |        1267      3.22%     96.75% |        1280      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total        39343                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56     94.92%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           1      1.69%     96.61% |           0      0.00%     96.61% |           1      1.69%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           1      1.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           59                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          12      6.38%      6.38% |           0      0.00%      6.38% |           0      0.00%      6.38% |           0      0.00%      6.38% |          46     24.47%     30.85% |           0      0.00%     30.85% |           0      0.00%     30.85% |           0      0.00%     30.85% |           0      0.00%     30.85% |           0      0.00%     30.85% |           0      0.00%     30.85% |           0      0.00%     30.85% |           0      0.00%     30.85% |           0      0.00%     30.85% |           0      0.00%     30.85% |           0      0.00%     30.85% |           0      0.00%     30.85% |           0      0.00%     30.85% |           0      0.00%     30.85% |           0      0.00%     30.85% |           0      0.00%     30.85% |          45     23.94%     54.79% |          46     24.47%     79.26% |          39     20.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total          188                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |          18      1.69%      1.69% |          18      1.69%      3.37% |          24      2.25%      5.62% |          31      2.91%      8.53% |          22      2.06%     10.59% |          21      1.97%     12.56% |          19      1.78%     14.34% |          21      1.97%     16.31% |          18      1.69%     17.99% |          42      3.94%     21.93% |          49      4.59%     26.52% |          23      2.16%     28.68% |          55      5.15%     33.83% |          38      3.56%     37.39% |          21      1.97%     39.36% |          38      3.56%     42.92% |          38      3.56%     46.49% |          28      2.62%     49.11% |          29      2.72%     51.83% |          28      2.62%     54.45% |          26      2.44%     56.89% |         152     14.25%     71.13% |          43      4.03%     75.16% |          52      4.87%     80.04% |          41      3.84%     83.88% |          30      2.81%     86.69% |          33      3.09%     89.78% |          35      3.28%     93.06% |          18      1.69%     94.75% |          20      1.87%     96.63% |          21      1.97%     98.59% |          15      1.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total         1067                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |          11      3.10%      3.10% |           7      1.97%      5.07% |           6      1.69%      6.76% |          10      2.82%      9.58% |           9      2.54%     12.11% |           2      0.56%     12.68% |           5      1.41%     14.08% |           5      1.41%     15.49% |           3      0.85%     16.34% |          18      5.07%     21.41% |           4      1.13%     22.54% |          11      3.10%     25.63% |          10      2.82%     28.45% |           9      2.54%     30.99% |           7      1.97%     32.96% |          14      3.94%     36.90% |          15      4.23%     41.13% |          13      3.66%     44.79% |          13      3.66%     48.45% |           9      2.54%     50.99% |          69     19.44%     70.42% |          16      4.51%     74.93% |           5      1.41%     76.34% |          17      4.79%     81.13% |          12      3.38%     84.51% |           5      1.41%     85.92% |          15      4.23%     90.14% |          12      3.38%     93.52% |           6      1.69%     95.21% |           3      0.85%     96.06% |           6      1.69%     97.75% |           8      2.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total          355                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old |           2      2.70%      2.70% |           0      0.00%      2.70% |           3      4.05%      6.76% |           3      4.05%     10.81% |           1      1.35%     12.16% |           1      1.35%     13.51% |           6      8.11%     21.62% |           0      0.00%     21.62% |           1      1.35%     22.97% |           3      4.05%     27.03% |           0      0.00%     27.03% |           3      4.05%     31.08% |           1      1.35%     32.43% |           3      4.05%     36.49% |           3      4.05%     40.54% |           7      9.46%     50.00% |           3      4.05%     54.05% |           0      0.00%     54.05% |           1      1.35%     55.41% |           4      5.41%     60.81% |           1      1.35%     62.16% |           1      1.35%     63.51% |           1      1.35%     64.86% |           2      2.70%     67.57% |           3      4.05%     71.62% |           3      4.05%     75.68% |           1      1.35%     77.03% |           4      5.41%     82.43% |           3      4.05%     86.49% |           4      5.41%     91.89% |           3      4.05%     95.95% |           3      4.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old::total           74                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       87188      3.49%      3.49% |       77924      3.12%      6.60% |       77542      3.10%      9.71% |       77785      3.11%     12.82% |       78344      3.13%     15.95% |       77581      3.10%     19.05% |       77236      3.09%     22.14% |       77802      3.11%     25.25% |       78259      3.13%     28.38% |       78120      3.12%     31.51% |       77779      3.11%     34.62% |       78010      3.12%     37.74% |       78578      3.14%     40.88% |       77688      3.11%     43.99% |       77393      3.10%     47.09% |       77796      3.11%     50.20% |       78157      3.13%     53.32% |       77993      3.12%     56.44% |       77566      3.10%     59.55% |       77864      3.11%     62.66% |       78389      3.14%     65.79% |       77851      3.11%     68.91% |       77296      3.09%     72.00% |       77646      3.11%     75.11% |       78150      3.13%     78.23% |       78052      3.12%     81.35% |       77419      3.10%     84.45% |       77726      3.11%     87.56% |       78299      3.13%     90.69% |       77702      3.11%     93.80% |       77249      3.09%     96.89% |       77806      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      2500190                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          33      4.60%      4.60% |          23      3.21%      7.81% |          22      3.07%     10.88% |          23      3.21%     14.09% |          22      3.07%     17.15% |          22      3.07%     20.22% |          22      3.07%     23.29% |          21      2.93%     26.22% |          22      3.07%     29.29% |          21      2.93%     32.22% |          23      3.21%     35.43% |          22      3.07%     38.49% |          23      3.21%     41.70% |          22      3.07%     44.77% |          22      3.07%     47.84% |          22      3.07%     50.91% |          23      3.21%     54.11% |          22      3.07%     57.18% |          22      3.07%     60.25% |          22      3.07%     63.32% |          22      3.07%     66.39% |          22      3.07%     69.46% |          22      3.07%     72.52% |          21      2.93%     75.45% |          22      3.07%     78.52% |          22      3.07%     81.59% |          22      3.07%     84.66% |          22      3.07%     87.73% |          22      3.07%     90.79% |          22      3.07%     93.86% |          22      3.07%     96.93% |          22      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          717                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           1      2.08%      2.08% |           0      0.00%      2.08% |           2      4.17%      6.25% |           1      2.08%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           1      2.08%     10.42% |           5     10.42%     20.83% |           2      4.17%     25.00% |           1      2.08%     27.08% |           1      2.08%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           3      6.25%     35.42% |           1      2.08%     37.50% |           1      2.08%     39.58% |           3      6.25%     45.83% |           3      6.25%     52.08% |           1      2.08%     54.17% |           2      4.17%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           2      4.17%     62.50% |           2      4.17%     66.67% |           2      4.17%     70.83% |           2      4.17%     75.00% |           2      4.17%     79.17% |           1      2.08%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           1      2.08%     83.33% |           1      2.08%     85.42% |           0      0.00%     85.42% |           1      2.08%     87.50% |           3      6.25%     93.75% |           3      6.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total           48                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |         274      4.42%      4.42% |         201      3.24%      7.66% |         184      2.97%     10.63% |         175      2.82%     13.45% |         184      2.97%     16.42% |         189      3.05%     19.47% |         209      3.37%     22.84% |         210      3.39%     26.23% |         202      3.26%     29.49% |         193      3.11%     32.60% |         181      2.92%     35.52% |         178      2.87%     38.39% |         178      2.87%     41.26% |         186      3.00%     44.27% |         211      3.40%     47.67% |         205      3.31%     50.98% |         194      3.13%     54.11% |         182      2.94%     57.04% |         162      2.61%     59.65% |         178      2.87%     62.53% |         175      2.82%     65.35% |         191      3.08%     68.43% |         196      3.16%     71.59% |         208      3.36%     74.95% |         210      3.39%     78.34% |         198      3.19%     81.53% |         156      2.52%     84.05% |         175      2.82%     86.87% |         193      3.11%     89.98% |         209      3.37%     93.35% |         199      3.21%     96.56% |         213      3.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total         6199                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      5.88%      5.88% |           2      3.92%      9.80% |           1      1.96%     11.76% |           2      3.92%     15.69% |           1      1.96%     17.65% |           0      0.00%     17.65% |           1      1.96%     19.61% |           3      5.88%     25.49% |           1      1.96%     27.45% |           2      3.92%     31.37% |           3      5.88%     37.25% |           2      3.92%     41.18% |           0      0.00%     41.18% |           1      1.96%     43.14% |           1      1.96%     45.10% |           1      1.96%     47.06% |           0      0.00%     47.06% |           2      3.92%     50.98% |           1      1.96%     52.94% |           1      1.96%     54.90% |           2      3.92%     58.82% |           3      5.88%     64.71% |           3      5.88%     70.59% |           4      7.84%     78.43% |           2      3.92%     82.35% |           2      3.92%     86.27% |           0      0.00%     86.27% |           0      0.00%     86.27% |           3      5.88%     92.16% |           1      1.96%     94.12% |           0      0.00%     94.12% |           3      5.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           51                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56     94.92%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           1      1.69%     96.61% |           0      0.00%     96.61% |           1      1.69%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           1      1.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           59                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      3.23%      3.23% |           0      0.00%      3.23% |           2      6.45%      9.68% |           0      0.00%      9.68% |           0      0.00%      9.68% |           0      0.00%      9.68% |           0      0.00%      9.68% |           0      0.00%      9.68% |           0      0.00%      9.68% |           0      0.00%      9.68% |           0      0.00%      9.68% |           1      3.23%     12.90% |           0      0.00%     12.90% |          26     83.87%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           1      3.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total           31                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          12     20.34%     20.34% |          47     79.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           59                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           5      2.53%      2.53% |           4      2.02%      4.55% |           7      3.54%      8.08% |           2      1.01%      9.09% |           7      3.54%     12.63% |           3      1.52%     14.14% |           7      3.54%     17.68% |          10      5.05%     22.73% |           7      3.54%     26.26% |           1      0.51%     26.77% |           6      3.03%     29.80% |           4      2.02%     31.82% |           2      1.01%     32.83% |           7      3.54%     36.36% |          15      7.58%     43.94% |           7      3.54%     47.47% |          10      5.05%     52.53% |           7      3.54%     56.06% |           8      4.04%     60.10% |           7      3.54%     63.64% |           3      1.52%     65.15% |           5      2.53%     67.68% |          10      5.05%     72.73% |          12      6.06%     78.79% |           8      4.04%     82.83% |           6      3.03%     85.86% |           9      4.55%     90.40% |           7      3.54%     93.94% |           4      2.02%     95.96% |           4      2.02%     97.98% |           1      0.51%     98.48% |           3      1.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total          198                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |         186      3.34%      3.34% |         165      2.96%      6.30% |         135      2.42%      8.72% |         145      2.60%     11.32% |         168      3.02%     14.34% |         124      2.23%     16.56% |         177      3.18%     19.74% |         186      3.34%     23.08% |         184      3.30%     26.38% |         164      2.94%     29.33% |         158      2.84%     32.16% |         141      2.53%     34.69% |         182      3.27%     37.96% |         126      2.26%     40.22% |         185      3.32%     43.54% |         200      3.59%     47.13% |         204      3.66%     50.79% |         160      2.87%     53.66% |         153      2.75%     56.41% |         144      2.58%     58.99% |         259      4.65%     63.64% |         238      4.27%     67.91% |         185      3.32%     71.23% |         200      3.59%     74.82% |         193      3.46%     78.28% |         168      3.02%     81.30% |         145      2.60%     83.90% |         155      2.78%     86.68% |         178      3.19%     89.88% |         165      2.96%     92.84% |         198      3.55%     96.39% |         201      3.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total         5572                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |           6      2.50%      2.50% |           3      1.25%      3.75% |           5      2.08%      5.83% |           2      0.83%      6.67% |           7      2.92%      9.58% |           4      1.67%     11.25% |          10      4.17%     15.42% |           7      2.92%     18.33% |           7      2.92%     21.25% |           2      0.83%     22.08% |           8      3.33%     25.42% |           6      2.50%     27.92% |           3      1.25%     29.17% |           7      2.92%     32.08% |          13      5.42%     37.50% |          12      5.00%     42.50% |          10      4.17%     46.67% |           8      3.33%     50.00% |           9      3.75%     53.75% |           9      3.75%     57.50% |           6      2.50%     60.00% |           4      1.67%     61.67% |          10      4.17%     65.83% |          14      5.83%     71.67% |           8      3.33%     75.00% |           9      3.75%     78.75% |          14      5.83%     84.58% |          11      4.58%     89.17% |           8      3.33%     92.50% |           7      2.92%     95.42% |           7      2.92%     98.33% |           4      1.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total          240                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |        1061      3.16%      3.16% |         981      2.93%      6.09% |        1030      3.07%      9.16% |        1083      3.23%     12.39% |        1041      3.10%     15.50% |         988      2.95%     18.44% |        1031      3.07%     21.52% |        1085      3.24%     24.75% |        1045      3.12%     27.87% |         986      2.94%     30.81% |        1132      3.38%     34.19% |        1143      3.41%     37.60% |        1096      3.27%     40.86% |        1015      3.03%     43.89% |        1047      3.12%     47.01% |        1077      3.21%     50.23% |        1054      3.14%     53.37% |         932      2.78%     56.15% |        1022      3.05%     59.20% |        1134      3.38%     62.58% |        1096      3.27%     65.85% |        1091      3.25%     69.10% |        1115      3.33%     72.43% |        1062      3.17%     75.59% |        1032      3.08%     78.67% |         928      2.77%     81.44% |         994      2.96%     84.40% |        1097      3.27%     87.67% |        1040      3.10%     90.78% |         956      2.85%     93.63% |        1062      3.17%     96.79% |        1075      3.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total        33531                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     10.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           1     10.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           4     40.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           4     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      6.67%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           2     13.33%     20.00% |           1      6.67%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           1      6.67%     33.33% |           1      6.67%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1      6.67%     46.67% |           0      0.00%     46.67% |           1      6.67%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           1      6.67%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1      6.67%     66.67% |           1      6.67%     73.33% |           0      0.00%     73.33% |           1      6.67%     80.00% |           2     13.33%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           1      6.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS::total           15                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |        1285      3.08%      3.08% |        1154      2.77%      5.84% |        1206      2.89%      8.73% |        1204      2.88%     11.62% |        1288      3.09%     14.70% |        1281      3.07%     17.77% |        1353      3.24%     21.02% |        1342      3.22%     24.23% |        1397      3.35%     27.58% |        1243      2.98%     30.56% |        1232      2.95%     33.51% |        1191      2.85%     36.36% |        1307      3.13%     39.49% |        1299      3.11%     42.61% |        1356      3.25%     45.86% |        1316      3.15%     49.01% |        1395      3.34%     52.35% |        1322      3.17%     55.52% |        1307      3.13%     58.65% |        1335      3.20%     61.85% |        1417      3.40%     65.24% |        1370      3.28%     68.53% |        1348      3.23%     71.76% |        1269      3.04%     74.80% |        1283      3.07%     77.87% |        1230      2.95%     80.82% |        1281      3.07%     83.89% |        1342      3.22%     87.10% |        1390      3.33%     90.43% |        1341      3.21%     93.65% |        1349      3.23%     96.88% |        1302      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total        41735                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |        1755      3.10%      3.10% |        1575      2.78%      5.88% |        1611      2.85%      8.73% |        1619      2.86%     11.59% |        1735      3.07%     14.66% |        1697      3.00%     17.66% |        1787      3.16%     20.81% |        1802      3.18%     24.00% |        1884      3.33%     27.33% |        1666      2.94%     30.27% |        1680      2.97%     33.24% |        1666      2.94%     36.18% |        1867      3.30%     39.48% |        1791      3.16%     42.65% |        1829      3.23%     45.88% |        1803      3.19%     49.06% |        1883      3.33%     52.39% |        1838      3.25%     55.64% |        1802      3.18%     58.82% |        1792      3.17%     61.99% |        1841      3.25%     65.24% |        1843      3.26%     68.50% |        1781      3.15%     71.65% |        1687      2.98%     74.63% |        1767      3.12%     77.75% |        1773      3.13%     80.88% |        1746      3.09%     83.97% |        1774      3.13%     87.10% |        1813      3.20%     90.30% |        1863      3.29%     93.60% |        1844      3.26%     96.85% |        1780      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        56594                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           1      5.00%     10.00% |           1      5.00%     15.00% |           1      5.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           3     15.00%     35.00% |           2     10.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           1      5.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      5.00%     55.00% |           0      0.00%     55.00% |           1      5.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1      5.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           2     10.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     10.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |         201      3.18%      3.18% |         169      2.67%      5.85% |         160      2.53%      8.38% |         166      2.62%     11.00% |         168      2.66%     13.66% |         168      2.66%     16.31% |         166      2.62%     18.94% |         226      3.57%     22.51% |         255      4.03%     26.54% |         255      4.03%     30.57% |         215      3.40%     33.97% |         209      3.30%     37.27% |         229      3.62%     40.89% |         213      3.37%     44.26% |         202      3.19%     47.45% |         246      3.89%     51.34% |         256      4.05%     55.39% |         252      3.98%     59.37% |         222      3.51%     62.88% |         219      3.46%     66.35% |         226      3.57%     69.92% |         214      3.38%     73.30% |         192      3.04%     76.34% |         189      2.99%     79.32% |         183      2.89%     82.22% |         158      2.50%     84.71% |         154      2.43%     87.15% |         177      2.80%     89.95% |         173      2.73%     92.68% |         153      2.42%     95.10% |         148      2.34%     97.44% |         162      2.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total         6326                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L2_Replacement_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L2_Replacement_clean::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       51279      3.78%      3.78% |       42274      3.12%      6.90% |       41865      3.09%      9.99% |       42011      3.10%     13.09% |       42497      3.14%     16.23% |       42008      3.10%     19.33% |       41691      3.08%     22.40% |       41962      3.10%     25.50% |       42381      3.13%     28.62% |       42360      3.13%     31.75% |       42037      3.10%     34.85% |       42114      3.11%     37.96% |       42597      3.14%     41.10% |       42044      3.10%     44.20% |       41747      3.08%     47.28% |       41937      3.09%     50.38% |       42280      3.12%     53.50% |       42144      3.11%     56.61% |       41817      3.09%     59.69% |       41975      3.10%     62.79% |       42416      3.13%     65.92% |       42060      3.10%     69.02% |       41670      3.07%     72.10% |       41878      3.09%     75.19% |       42356      3.13%     78.31% |       42294      3.12%     81.43% |       41717      3.08%     84.51% |       41916      3.09%     87.60% |       42450      3.13%     90.73% |       41997      3.10%     93.83% |       41597      3.07%     96.90% |       41994      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total      1355365                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         708      3.19%      3.19% |         620      2.79%      5.99% |         613      2.76%      8.75% |         614      2.77%     11.52% |         643      2.90%     14.42% |         599      2.70%     17.12% |         633      2.85%     19.97% |         716      3.23%     23.20% |         775      3.49%     26.69% |         709      3.20%     29.89% |         700      3.16%     33.04% |         704      3.17%     36.21% |         823      3.71%     39.92% |         730      3.29%     43.21% |         704      3.17%     46.39% |         754      3.40%     49.79% |         766      3.45%     53.24% |         783      3.53%     56.77% |         743      3.35%     60.12% |         702      3.16%     63.28% |         690      3.11%     66.39% |         719      3.24%     69.63% |         665      3.00%     72.63% |         642      2.89%     75.52% |         696      3.14%     78.66% |         718      3.24%     81.90% |         658      2.97%     84.86% |         636      2.87%     87.73% |         633      2.85%     90.58% |         708      3.19%     93.78% |         695      3.13%     96.91% |         686      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        22185                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       36225      3.14%      3.14% |       36054      3.12%      6.26% |       36088      3.12%      9.38% |       36184      3.13%     12.51% |       36228      3.14%     15.65% |       35998      3.12%     18.76% |       35936      3.11%     21.87% |       36148      3.13%     25.00% |       36127      3.13%     28.13% |       36075      3.12%     31.25% |       36066      3.12%     34.37% |       36216      3.13%     37.51% |       36182      3.13%     40.64% |       35938      3.11%     43.75% |       35966      3.11%     46.86% |       36129      3.13%     49.99% |       36135      3.13%     53.12% |       36090      3.12%     56.24% |       36030      3.12%     59.36% |       36211      3.13%     62.49% |       36307      3.14%     65.63% |       36096      3.12%     68.76% |       35985      3.11%     71.87% |       36150      3.13%     75.00% |       36122      3.13%     78.13% |       36064      3.12%     81.25% |       36068      3.12%     84.37% |       36198      3.13%     87.50% |       36239      3.14%     90.64% |       36021      3.12%     93.76% |       35981      3.11%     96.87% |       36150      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total      1155407                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      5.26%      5.26% |           2      5.26%     10.53% |           1      2.63%     13.16% |           1      2.63%     15.79% |           0      0.00%     15.79% |           1      2.63%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           2      5.26%     23.68% |           0      0.00%     23.68% |           0      0.00%     23.68% |           5     13.16%     36.84% |           0      0.00%     36.84% |           4     10.53%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           8     21.05%     68.42% |           3      7.89%     76.32% |           1      2.63%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           3      7.89%     86.84% |           0      0.00%     86.84% |           2      5.26%     92.11% |           0      0.00%     92.11% |           2      5.26%     97.37% |           0      0.00%     97.37% |           1      2.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           38                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |          20      1.30%      1.30% |          32      2.08%      3.38% |          20      1.30%      4.68% |          22      1.43%      6.11% |          31      2.01%      8.12% |          37      2.40%     10.53% |          53      3.44%     13.97% |          60      3.90%     17.87% |          46      2.99%     20.86% |          48      3.12%     23.98% |          55      3.57%     27.55% |          45      2.92%     30.47% |          45      2.92%     33.40% |          54      3.51%     36.91% |          67      4.35%     41.26% |          56      3.64%     44.90% |          64      4.16%     49.06% |          51      3.31%     52.37% |          62      4.03%     56.40% |          69      4.48%     60.88% |          48      3.12%     64.00% |          56      3.64%     67.64% |          67      4.35%     71.99% |          67      4.35%     76.35% |          33      2.14%     78.49% |          51      3.31%     81.81% |          44      2.86%     84.67% |          61      3.96%     88.63% |          26      1.69%     90.32% |          42      2.73%     93.05% |          56      3.64%     96.69% |          51      3.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total         1539                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |          49      2.04%      2.04% |          54      2.25%      4.29% |          52      2.17%      6.46% |          74      3.08%      9.55% |          45      1.88%     11.42% |          47      1.96%     13.38% |          49      2.04%     15.42% |          53      2.21%     17.63% |          66      2.75%     20.38% |         104      4.34%     24.72% |          52      2.17%     26.89% |          74      3.08%     29.97% |         102      4.25%     34.22% |          93      3.88%     38.10% |          79      3.29%     41.39% |          97      4.04%     45.44% |          69      2.88%     48.31% |          70      2.92%     51.23% |          74      3.08%     54.31% |          72      3.00%     57.32% |          81      3.38%     60.69% |         145      6.04%     66.74% |          75      3.13%     69.86% |         148      6.17%     76.03% |         120      5.00%     81.03% |          70      2.92%     83.95% |          94      3.92%     87.87% |          78      3.25%     91.12% |          56      2.33%     93.46% |          50      2.08%     95.54% |          50      2.08%     97.62% |          57      2.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total         2399                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old |           1      9.09%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           1      9.09%     18.18% |           1      9.09%     27.27% |           1      9.09%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           2     18.18%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           1      9.09%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           2     18.18%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           1      9.09%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           1      9.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old::total           11                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L2_Replacement_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L2_Replacement_clean::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      220490      5.19%      5.19% |      130468      3.07%      8.26% |      129065      3.04%     11.29% |      131028      3.08%     14.37% |      129001      3.03%     17.41% |      128243      3.02%     20.43% |      128278      3.02%     23.44% |      127557      3.00%     26.44% |      127925      3.01%     29.45% |      128834      3.03%     32.48% |      130659      3.07%     35.56% |      129691      3.05%     38.61% |      128332      3.02%     41.63% |      128801      3.03%     44.66% |      127333      3.00%     47.65% |      127443      3.00%     50.65% |      128287      3.02%     53.67% |      128428      3.02%     56.69% |      128806      3.03%     59.72% |      128937      3.03%     62.75% |      128973      3.03%     65.79% |      143592      3.38%     69.17% |      137188      3.23%     72.39% |      128234      3.02%     75.41% |      128718      3.03%     78.44% |      129160      3.04%     81.48% |      128753      3.03%     84.51% |      128281      3.02%     87.52% |      129590      3.05%     90.57% |      128762      3.03%     93.60% |      132446      3.12%     96.72% |      139582      3.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      4250885                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           8      1.06%      1.06% |           8      1.06%      2.12% |          12      1.59%      3.72% |          13      1.73%      5.44% |          11      1.46%      6.91% |          24      3.19%     10.09% |          29      3.85%     13.94% |          28      3.72%     17.66% |          23      3.05%     20.72% |          24      3.19%     23.90% |          19      2.52%     26.43% |          18      2.39%     28.82% |          22      2.92%     31.74% |          25      3.32%     35.06% |          44      5.84%     40.90% |          28      3.72%     44.62% |          26      3.45%     48.07% |          22      2.92%     51.00% |          24      3.19%     54.18% |          32      4.25%     58.43% |          31      4.12%     62.55% |          32      4.25%     66.80% |          33      4.38%     71.18% |          29      3.85%     75.03% |           9      1.20%     76.23% |          22      2.92%     79.15% |          35      4.65%     83.80% |          32      4.25%     88.05% |          18      2.39%     90.44% |          21      2.79%     93.23% |          24      3.19%     96.41% |          27      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total          753                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |        1015      3.07%      3.07% |         913      2.76%      5.82% |         899      2.72%      8.54% |         899      2.72%     11.26% |         989      2.99%     14.24% |        1019      3.08%     17.32% |        1128      3.41%     20.73% |        1067      3.22%     23.95% |        1051      3.17%     27.13% |         914      2.76%     29.89% |         934      2.82%     32.71% |         906      2.74%     35.45% |         997      3.01%     38.46% |        1058      3.20%     41.65% |        1113      3.36%     45.02% |        1045      3.16%     48.17% |        1161      3.51%     51.68% |        1093      3.30%     54.98% |        1020      3.08%     58.06% |        1070      3.23%     61.29% |        1119      3.38%     64.67% |        1095      3.31%     67.98% |        1104      3.33%     71.32% |        1030      3.11%     74.43% |        1045      3.16%     77.59% |        1015      3.07%     80.65% |        1070      3.23%     83.88% |        1086      3.28%     87.16% |        1110      3.35%     90.52% |        1076      3.25%     93.77% |        1040      3.14%     96.91% |        1023      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total        33104                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          31      1.44%      1.44% |          41      1.90%      3.34% |         100      4.64%      7.97% |         107      4.96%     12.93% |         107      4.96%     17.90% |          83      3.85%     21.74% |          32      1.48%     23.23% |          27      1.25%     24.48% |          70      3.25%     27.72% |          55      2.55%     30.27% |          59      2.74%     33.01% |          73      3.38%     36.39% |          88      4.08%     40.47% |          53      2.46%     42.93% |          70      3.25%     46.18% |          71      3.29%     49.47% |          20      0.93%     50.39% |          15      0.70%     51.09% |          81      3.76%     54.84% |          59      2.74%     57.58% |          71      3.29%     60.87% |          79      3.66%     64.53% |          64      2.97%     67.50% |          73      3.38%     70.89% |          77      3.57%     74.46% |          78      3.62%     78.07% |          46      2.13%     80.20% |          73      3.38%     83.59% |          81      3.76%     87.34% |          87      4.03%     91.38% |         113      5.24%     96.62% |          73      3.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total         2157                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |          31      1.44%      1.44% |          41      1.90%      3.34% |         100      4.64%      7.97% |         107      4.96%     12.93% |         107      4.96%     17.90% |          83      3.85%     21.74% |          32      1.48%     23.23% |          27      1.25%     24.48% |          70      3.25%     27.72% |          55      2.55%     30.27% |          59      2.74%     33.01% |          73      3.38%     36.39% |          88      4.08%     40.47% |          53      2.46%     42.93% |          70      3.25%     46.18% |          71      3.29%     49.47% |          20      0.93%     50.39% |          15      0.70%     51.09% |          81      3.76%     54.84% |          59      2.74%     57.58% |          71      3.29%     60.87% |          79      3.66%     64.53% |          64      2.97%     67.50% |          73      3.38%     70.89% |          77      3.57%     74.46% |          78      3.62%     78.07% |          46      2.13%     80.20% |          73      3.38%     83.59% |          81      3.76%     87.34% |          87      4.03%     91.38% |         113      5.24%     96.62% |          73      3.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total         2157                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX |           1      2.13%      2.13% |           2      4.26%      6.38% |           0      0.00%      6.38% |           0      0.00%      6.38% |           1      2.13%      8.51% |           0      0.00%      8.51% |           1      2.13%     10.64% |           0      0.00%     10.64% |           5     10.64%     21.28% |           5     10.64%     31.91% |           0      0.00%     31.91% |           0      0.00%     31.91% |           1      2.13%     34.04% |           2      4.26%     38.30% |           3      6.38%     44.68% |           1      2.13%     46.81% |           1      2.13%     48.94% |           2      4.26%     53.19% |           0      0.00%     53.19% |           1      2.13%     55.32% |           3      6.38%     61.70% |           1      2.13%     63.83% |           2      4.26%     68.09% |           1      2.13%     70.21% |           2      4.26%     74.47% |           1      2.13%     76.60% |           0      0.00%     76.60% |           1      2.13%     78.72% |           2      4.26%     82.98% |           3      6.38%     89.36% |           4      8.51%     97.87% |           1      2.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX::total           47                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        1015      3.07%      3.07% |         913      2.76%      5.82% |         899      2.72%      8.54% |         899      2.72%     11.25% |         989      2.99%     14.24% |        1019      3.08%     17.32% |        1128      3.41%     20.73% |        1067      3.22%     23.95% |        1051      3.17%     27.12% |         914      2.76%     29.88% |         934      2.82%     32.70% |         906      2.74%     35.44% |         997      3.01%     38.45% |        1058      3.20%     41.65% |        1113      3.36%     45.01% |        1045      3.16%     48.17% |        1161      3.51%     51.67% |        1093      3.30%     54.97% |        1020      3.08%     58.05% |        1070      3.23%     61.29% |        1119      3.38%     64.67% |        1097      3.31%     67.98% |        1104      3.33%     71.31% |        1030      3.11%     74.42% |        1045      3.16%     77.58% |        1015      3.07%     80.65% |        1071      3.23%     83.88% |        1086      3.28%     87.16% |        1110      3.35%     90.51% |        1076      3.25%     93.76% |        1040      3.14%     96.90% |        1025      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total        33109                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      488468     19.46%     19.46% |     1254801     50.00%     69.46% |      184883      7.37%     76.83% |      196560      7.83%     84.66% |      187899      7.49%     92.15% |      196991      7.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      2509602                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      488468     19.46%     19.46% |     1254801     50.00%     69.46% |      184883      7.37%     76.83% |      196560      7.83%     84.66% |      187899      7.49%     92.15% |      196991      7.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      2509602                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      488468     19.46%     19.46% |     1254801     50.00%     69.46% |      184883      7.37%     76.83% |      196560      7.83%     84.66% |      187899      7.49%     92.15% |      196991      7.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      2509602                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      488468     19.46%     19.46% |     1254801     50.00%     69.46% |      184883      7.37%     76.83% |      196560      7.83%     84.66% |      187899      7.49%     92.15% |      196991      7.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      2509602                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
