
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.060769                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 60769194000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5236937272500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  75424                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   125816                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               89371719                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4527332                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   679.96                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    51285136                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      85550015                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4973504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           4973504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3963968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        3963968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        77711                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              77711                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        61937                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             61937                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     81842520                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             81842520                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     65229893                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            65229893                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    147072413                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           147072413                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      77711                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     61937                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    77711                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   61937                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               4972032                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1472                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                3963840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                4973504                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             3963968                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    23                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             4395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             4847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             4572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             4966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             4841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             5359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             4954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             5226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             5055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             5194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            4637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            4793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            4580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            4642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            4807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            4820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             3620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             3562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             3661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             3794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             3851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             4193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             3915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             4184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             4054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             4126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            3705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            3640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            3782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            3906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            4031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            3911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  60768713000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                77711                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               61937                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  75586                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   1741                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                    318                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                     31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  12295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  12524                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  12430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  12330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  12308                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        42758                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   208.966182                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   151.565889                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   188.276484                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        15662     36.63%     36.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11508     26.91%     63.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        10760     25.16%     88.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1729      4.04%     92.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1169      2.73%     95.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          558      1.31%     96.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          380      0.89%     97.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          401      0.94%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          591      1.38%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        42758                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12294                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.318611                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    36.432997                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        12288     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        12294                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12294                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.037823                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.033490                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.230550                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-5          11909     96.87%     96.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::6-7            367      2.99%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-9             17      0.14%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::10-11            1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        12294                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                   800553000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             2257203000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 388440000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    10304.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               29054.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       81.82                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       65.23                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    81.84                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    65.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.90                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   56812                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  40045                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                73.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               64.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    435156.34                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   69.37                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   12018925750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     2029040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    46716744250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              163583280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              159614280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0               89256750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1               87091125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             305393400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             300448200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            199434960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            201839040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         3968802240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         3968802240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        25272573075                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        25011234630                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        14289569250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        14518813500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          44288612955                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          44247843015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          728.860838                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          728.189885                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      4888704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           4888704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3885952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        3885952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        76386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              76386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        60718                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             60718                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     80447077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             80447077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     63946084                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            63946084                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    144393161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           144393161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      76386                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     60718                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    76386                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   60718                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               4887808                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                    896                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                3885760                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                4888704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             3885952                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    14                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             4324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             4761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             4486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             4894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             4782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             5310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             4894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             5163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             4955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             5093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            4530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            4727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            4488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            4580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            4639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            4746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             3554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             3508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             3596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             3743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             3788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             4126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             3835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             4096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             3967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             4032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            3619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            3570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            3710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            3832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            3900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            3839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  60768476500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                76386                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               60718                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  74958                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1264                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                    115                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                     29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  12077                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  12221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  12149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  12103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  12088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                     59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        40226                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   218.070303                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   158.969697                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   192.183463                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        13545     33.67%     33.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11155     27.73%     61.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        10638     26.45%     87.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1730      4.30%     92.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1190      2.96%     95.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          580      1.44%     96.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          385      0.96%     97.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          406      1.01%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          597      1.48%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        40226                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12076                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.323617                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    28.996653                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        12071     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        12076                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12076                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.027741                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.024569                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.197648                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-5          11793     97.66%     97.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::6-7            268      2.22%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-9             15      0.12%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        12076                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   729552500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             2161527500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 381860000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                     9552.62                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               28302.62                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       80.43                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       63.94                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    80.45                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    63.95                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.63                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   56368                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  40482                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                73.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               66.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    443229.06                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   70.65                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   12596609750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     2029040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    46138519000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              155373120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              148690080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0               84777000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1               81130500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             301103400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             294426600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            195987600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            197380800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         3968802240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         3968802240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        24912804465                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        24342327090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        14605155750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        15105574500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          44224003575                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          44138331810                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          727.797557                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          726.387651                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      4888512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           4888512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3887168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        3887168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        76383                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              76383                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        60737                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             60737                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     80443917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total             80443917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     63966094                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            63966094                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    144410011                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           144410011                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      76383                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     60737                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    76383                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   60737                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               4887488                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                3887168                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                4888512                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             3887168                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             4321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             4758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             4498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             4903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             4780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             5304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             4866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             5165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             4936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             5106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            4537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            4770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            4491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            4546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            4627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            4759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             3557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             3504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             3591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             3732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             3787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             4120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             3840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             4111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             3964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             4047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            3623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            3579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            3718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            3827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            3896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            3841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  60768964500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                76383                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               60737                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  75068                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   1130                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                    128                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                     27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  12088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  12218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  12154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  12129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  12092                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                     49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        40218                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   218.145507                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   159.122666                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   191.936058                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        13523     33.62%     33.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11064     27.51%     61.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        10750     26.73%     87.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1721      4.28%     92.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1200      2.98%     95.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          567      1.41%     96.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          403      1.00%     97.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          377      0.94%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          613      1.52%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        40218                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12088                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.317505                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    29.049863                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        12083     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        12088                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12088                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.024570                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.021899                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.180936                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-5          11826     97.83%     97.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::6-7            254      2.10%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-9              6      0.05%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::10-11            2      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        12088                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   734672250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             2166553500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 381835000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                     9620.28                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               28370.28                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                       80.43                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       63.97                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                    80.44                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    63.97                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        1.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.63                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.94                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   56374                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  40502                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                73.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               66.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    443180.90                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   70.66                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   12552651250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     2029040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    46182653250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              155169000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              148833720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0               84665625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1               81208875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             300963000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             294567000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            195961680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            197549280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         3968802240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         3968802240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        24952290930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        24517568745                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        14570518500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        14951853750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          44228370975                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          44160383610                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          727.869432                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          726.750559                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      4863296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           4863296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3878784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        3878784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        75989                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              75989                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        60606                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             60606                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     80028970                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total             80028970                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     63828130                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            63828130                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    143857100                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           143857100                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      75990                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     60606                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    75990                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   60606                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               4862720                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    640                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                3878784                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                4863360                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             3878784                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    10                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             4296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             4731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             4440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             4863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             4728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             5252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             4871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             5145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             4931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             5074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            4538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            4732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            4474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            4526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            4648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            4731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             3553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             3497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             3575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             3718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             3778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             4105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             3829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             4092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             3969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             4035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            3613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            3583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            3709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            3827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            3896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            3827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        1                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  60768451000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                75990                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               60606                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  74642                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   1179                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                    121                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                     27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  12060                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  12197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  12120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  12083                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  12066                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                     64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        39815                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   219.522492                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   159.886642                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   193.542571                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        13336     33.49%     33.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        10848     27.25%     60.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        10763     27.03%     87.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1722      4.33%     92.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1171      2.94%     95.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          550      1.38%     96.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          382      0.96%     97.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          435      1.09%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          608      1.53%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        39815                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12060                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.300083                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    30.024118                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        12054     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        12060                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12060                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.025373                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.022707                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.178502                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-5          11789     97.75%     97.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::6-7            265      2.20%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-9              6      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        12060                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   720146250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             2144771250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 379900000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                     9478.10                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               28228.10                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                       80.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       63.83                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                    80.03                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    63.83                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        1.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.63                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   56178                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  40585                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                73.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               66.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    444877.24                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   70.84                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   12623294000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     2029040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    46112190500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              152908560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              148055040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0               83432250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1               80784000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             298872600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             293646600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            195346080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            197316000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         3968802240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         3968802240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        24795383040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        24386723820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        14708157000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        15066630000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          44202901770                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          44141957700                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          727.450283                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          726.447322                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1137                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1137                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1371                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1371                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               215                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              215                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          430                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          430                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5016                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5446                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          860                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          860                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          789                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4035                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4895                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               176000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              488500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              448540                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              111040                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1822500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          382                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1564672                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          382                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                3726332                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 30.280254                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                24.867249                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                33.804976                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     3671731     98.53%     98.53% |       37144      1.00%     99.53% |        8080      0.22%     99.75% |        5918      0.16%     99.91% |        2614      0.07%     99.98% |         687      0.02%    100.00% |         148      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  3726332                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     30749372                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.670303                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.483702                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      1.057635                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    29551382     96.10%     96.10% |     1087552      3.54%     99.64% |       71198      0.23%     99.87% |       19047      0.06%     99.93% |       12645      0.04%     99.98% |        5741      0.02%     99.99% |        1535      0.00%    100.00% |         209      0.00%    100.00% |          63      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      30749372                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            30749369                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean               6.254150                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.263743                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             27.079053                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    30680337     99.78%     99.78% |       57476      0.19%     99.96% |        9583      0.03%     99.99% |        1782      0.01%    100.00% |         179      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              30749369                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        30050807                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.005101                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.004391                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.072251                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    29899718     99.50%     99.50% |      148901      0.50%     99.99% |        2188      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          30050807                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples         698562                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        146.022072                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       114.979914                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       110.851169                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |      629530     90.12%     90.12% |       57476      8.23%     98.35% |        9583      1.37%     99.72% |        1782      0.26%     99.97% |         179      0.03%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total           698562                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     4751360                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    2514944                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         449863                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       449863                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     18731886                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       289470                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     19021356                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      9831767                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       123369                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      9955136                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load      2911247                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        16135                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store      1178231                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1320748                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        39947                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           38                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           38                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1487154                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       285688                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1772842                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles       146400                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        38800                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        10985                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        49785                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        12205                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses         9581                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        21786                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        12992                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses         9610                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        22602                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        13198                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses         9529                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        22727                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        11034                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses         9567                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        20601                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        11393                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses         9580                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        20973                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        10186                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses         9571                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        19757                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        10516                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses         9510                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        20026                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        11724                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses         9557                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        21281                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        11277                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses         9528                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        20805                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        11165                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses         9523                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        20688                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        10835                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses         9503                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        20338                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        10610                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses         9642                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        20252                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        10265                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses         9490                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        19755                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        13232                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses         9563                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        22795                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        10580                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses         9523                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        20103                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        10219                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses         9458                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        19677                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        10845                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses         9516                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        20361                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        11215                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses         9548                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        20763                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        10400                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses         9529                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        19929                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        11702                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses         9466                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        21168                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        10953                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses         9491                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        20444                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        12015                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses         9455                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        21470                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        11645                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses         9534                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        21179                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        12973                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses         9472                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        22445                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        14920                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses         9478                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        24398                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        10887                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses         9537                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        20424                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        11109                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses         9532                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        20641                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        10386                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses         9523                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        19909                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         9948                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses         9520                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        19468                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        10376                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses         9548                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        19924                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        12484                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses         9605                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        22089                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      6788140                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      6788140                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6868675                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6788140                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3313134                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3312216                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      6788140                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.055852                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      3179225                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      3179225                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3183967                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3179225                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2233003                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2232929                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      3179225                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.026158                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      5205343                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      5205343                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5235536                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5205343                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2708901                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2707975                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      5205343                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.042829                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      2249003                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      2249003                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2250213                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2249003                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1249419                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1249399                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      2249003                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.018504                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      1494452                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      1494452                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1495030                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1494451                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity       694349                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity       694343                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      1494451                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.012296                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      1616944                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      1616944                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1617513                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1616944                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity       750337                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity       750332                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      1616944                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.013304                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      2623684                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      2623684                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2639758                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2623684                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity       888478                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity       888184                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      2623684                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.021587                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      1168809                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      1168809                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1169293                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1168809                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity       430846                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity       430841                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      1168809                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.009617                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      1002208                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      1002208                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1002395                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1002208                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity       458897                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity       458896                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      1002208                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.008246                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads       939936                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes       939936                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity       940068                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity       939935                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity       445416                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity       445416                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity       939935                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.007734                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads       768650                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes       768650                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity       768816                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity       768650                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       311538                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       311538                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity       768650                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.006324                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      1051596                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      1051596                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1051817                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1051596                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       454107                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       454104                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      1051596                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.008652                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      1035401                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      1035401                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1035606                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1035401                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity       477030                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity       477029                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      1035401                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.008519                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads       799182                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes       799182                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity       799405                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity       799182                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       310975                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       310974                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity       799182                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.006576                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads       467171                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes       467171                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity       467470                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity       467171                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       178370                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       178363                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity       467171                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.003844                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads       721289                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes       721289                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity       722037                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity       721289                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       270045                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       270041                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity       721289                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.005935                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      1290095                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      1290095                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1293309                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1290095                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       445942                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       445883                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      1290095                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.010615                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads       815026                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes       815026                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity       815772                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity       815026                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       296415                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       296410                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity       815026                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.006706                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads       786205                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes       786205                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity       786838                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity       786205                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       294950                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       294945                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity       786205                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.006469                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       483570                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       483570                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       483644                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       483570                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       184554                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       184554                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       483570                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.003979                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       554547                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       554547                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       554564                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       554547                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       273355                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       273355                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       554547                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.004563                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads       584649                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes       584649                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity       584669                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity       584649                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       285233                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       285233                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity       584649                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.004810                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       471899                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       471899                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity       471909                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       471899                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       209507                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       209507                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       471899                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.003883                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       307525                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       307525                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       307525                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       307525                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       124713                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       124713                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       307525                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.002530                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       510181                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       510181                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       510182                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       510181                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       225917                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       225917                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       510181                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.004198                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads       555497                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes       555497                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity       555497                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity       555497                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       265845                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       265845                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity       555497                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.004571                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       463041                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       463041                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       463053                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       463041                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       199477                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       199477                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       463041                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.003810                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       319672                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       319672                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       319672                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       319672                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       128784                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       128784                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       319672                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.002630                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      1980697                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      1980697                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1982822                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1980697                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity       845058                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity       845037                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      1980697                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.016297                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      2060828                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      2060828                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2063542                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2060828                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity       864213                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity       864172                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      2060828                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.016956                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      1560938                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      1560938                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1562458                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1560938                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity       591242                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity       591230                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      1560938                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.012843                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      1654959                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      1654959                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1657378                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1654959                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity       629823                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity       629775                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      1654959                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.013617                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     4307422     36.00%     36.00% |     7067697     59.08%     95.08% |      588535      4.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     11963654                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     4307424     36.00%     36.00% |     7067697     59.08%     95.08% |      588535      4.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     11963656                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   122864620                       |   168312862                       |    13231894                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |    34390678                       |    35121265                       |      588535                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   28.523934                       |   23.814386                       |   22.482765                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    7.984051                       |    4.969266                       |           1                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    25.444515                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     5.859454                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         31.303969                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.001535                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.041279      8.73%      8.73% |    0.040689      8.60%     17.33% |    0.041247      8.72%     26.06% |    0.040646      8.60%     34.65% |    0.071102     15.04%     49.69% |    0.071101     15.04%     64.72% |    0.071058     15.03%     79.75% |    0.071115     15.04%     94.79% |    0.006165      1.30%     96.09% |    0.006160      1.30%     97.39% |    0.006163      1.30%     98.70% |    0.006163      1.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.472888                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.011702                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.013795                       |    0.000001                       |    0.012210                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002870                       |    0.001422                       |    0.001350                       |    0.001393                       |    0.001356                       |    0.001361                       |    0.001328                       |    0.001310                       |    0.001332                       |    0.001427                       |    0.001462                       |    0.001468                       |    0.001365                       |    0.001378                       |    0.001321                       |    0.001334                       |    0.001395                       |    0.001370                       |    0.001368                       |    0.001353                       |    0.001326                       |    0.001474                       |    0.001341                       |    0.001318                       |    0.001351                       |    0.001372                       |    0.001333                       |    0.001382                       |    0.001352                       |    0.001392                       |    0.001442                       |    0.001543                       |    0.003823                       |    0.003755                       |    0.003755                       |    0.003736                       |    0.000202                       |           0                       |    0.002053                       |    0.005784                       |    0.003731                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001225                       |    0.000204                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001527                       |    0.001606                       |           0                       |    0.001224                       |           0                       |    0.002551                       |    0.002859                       |    0.001612                       |           0                       |    0.001233                       |    0.003106                       |           0                       |    0.005009                       |    0.004914                       |    0.002035                       |    0.014098                       |    0.001234                       |    0.003731                       |    0.006308                       |    0.010861                       |    0.006597                       |           0                       |    0.001261                       |           0                       |    0.005465                       |    0.005975                       |    0.005803                       |           0                       |    0.001232                       |    0.003043                       |           0                       |    0.005373                       |    0.004904                       |    0.002404                       |           0                       |    0.001311                       |           0                       |    0.002819                       |    0.002449                       |    0.002074                       |           0                       |    0.001240                       |           0                       |    0.001351                       |    0.001606                       |           0                       |    0.001331                       |           0                       |    0.000484                       |    0.001474                       |    0.001521                       |           0                       |    0.001255                       |           0                       |    0.000378                       |    0.001630                       |    0.002901                       |    0.001570                       |           0                       |    0.001235                       |           0                       |    0.001954                       |    0.003221                       |    0.003883                       |    0.002004                       |    0.019466                       |    0.002197                       |    0.002053                       |    0.015158                       |    0.005630                       |    0.009334                       |    0.002015                       |    0.000002                       |    0.001277                       |    0.005784                       |    0.000878                       |    0.010183                       |    0.006052                       |    0.001981                       |           0                       |    0.001227                       |           0                       |    0.003014                       |    0.003352                       |    0.003246                       |    0.002465                       |           0                       |    0.001241                       |           0                       |    0.000929                       |    0.002737                       |    0.001592                       |    0.002019                       |           0                       |    0.001246                       |           0                       |    0.000398                       |    0.001372                       |    0.001555                       |           0                       |    0.001229                       |           0                       |    0.000101                       |    0.001341                       |    0.001212                       |           0                       |    0.001295                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001021                       |    0.002803                       |    0.001205                       |           0                       |    0.001283                       |    0.003044                       |           0                       |    0.000375                       |    0.001951                       |    0.004976                       |    0.001214                       |           0                       |    0.001209                       |           0                       |    0.016471                       |    0.001716                       |    0.000924                       |    0.001267                       |           0                       |    0.001210                       |           0                       |    0.000463                       |    0.005414                       |    0.001297                       |    0.001233                       |           0                       |    0.001342                       |    0.003033                       |           0                       |    0.000749                       |    0.005402                       |    0.001844                       |    0.001247                       |           0                       |    0.001237                       |           0                       |    0.000462                       |    0.002712                       |    0.000921                       |    0.001243                       |           0                       |    0.001229                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001333                       |    0.001248                       |           0                       |    0.001212                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001318                       |           0                       |    0.001205                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002639                       |           0                       |    0.001214                       |           0                       |    0.001123                       |           0                       |    0.003598                       |           0                       |    0.001267                       |           0                       |    0.007854                       |    0.000749                       |    0.000744                       |           0                       |    0.001233                       |           0                       |    0.000000                       |    0.004355                       |    0.001118                       |           0                       |    0.001247                       |           0                       |    0.001864                       |    0.003358                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001243                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002736                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001248                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001382                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.472888                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         8245785                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      8245785                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       265934                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      5821144                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         5231956                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     89.878484                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         1375237                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29868                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             18038391                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              45680                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            12801993                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             20866                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         18084071                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        12822859                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  30840384                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                   66546                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              30906930                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              9961947                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9521                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          9971468                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   9961947                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9521                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               9971468                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                117765166                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     32817549                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               57116186                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             8245785                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      6607193                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              80151338                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          598442                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             140862                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       154183                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       214677                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3334                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       313145                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           9961311                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        143831                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3832                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    114094309                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.851232                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.189746                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         95607487     83.80%     83.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          2413440      2.12%     85.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1091427      0.96%     86.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1442325      1.26%     88.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          2912310      2.55%     90.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           978408      0.86%     91.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          2215898      1.94%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          1103299      0.97%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          6329715      5.55%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    114094309                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.070019                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.485001                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         17273922                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      82955538                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6742042                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       6823579                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         299221                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       94693930                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         299221                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         19107302                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        49701637                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      4849658                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          10940987                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      29195497                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       93765020                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         67773                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       20122702                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         394374                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents        7007070                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     93184423                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     219919899                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    150023039                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          164                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      83365009                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          9819399                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       134082                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       136047                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          38172369                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     11774416                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     12990937                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      5923122                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      5729170                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           91598612                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1280067                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          96992119                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       143580                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7111446                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11457188                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        49144                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    114094309                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.850105                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.358272                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     67395902     59.07%     59.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23641908     20.72%     79.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      8487593      7.44%     87.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7072381      6.20%     93.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4119114      3.61%     97.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2220862      1.95%     98.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       692724      0.61%     99.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       289828      0.25%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       173997      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    114094309                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           95472     12.49%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         602411     78.82%     91.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         66404      8.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       165740      0.17%      0.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      65729538     67.77%     67.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        22666      0.02%     67.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52379      0.05%     68.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     68.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     68.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     68.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     68.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     68.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     68.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     68.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     68.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     68.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     68.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     68.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     68.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     68.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     68.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     68.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     68.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     18172274     18.74%     86.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     12849522     13.25%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       96992119                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.823606                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              764287                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.007880                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    308986349                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     99996957                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     89571237                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           65                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          290                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           20                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       97590634                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              32                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      4959435                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1113413                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2640                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7273                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       398025                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1827                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      9883587                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         299221                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         8329466                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      18711086                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     92878679                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       100580                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      11774416                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     12990937                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1270946                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         235572                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      17714695                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7273                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124595                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       190430                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       315025                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      96600619                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      18036783                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       325463                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             30842773                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          7176348                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           12805990                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.820282                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               89633968                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              89571257                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          55190962                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         102500340                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.760592                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.538447                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      7300858                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1230923                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       279377                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    112939992                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.757482                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.813244                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     83713664     74.12%     74.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14552463     12.89%     87.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2790233      2.47%     89.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3080449      2.73%     92.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1620957      1.44%     93.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2032934      1.80%     95.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       694197      0.61%     96.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       278704      0.25%     96.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      4176391      3.70%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    112939992                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     51285135                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       85550012                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               23253910                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              10660999                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5778                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            6838833                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          85199002                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      1299960                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        82038      0.10%      0.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     62141614     72.64%     72.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        21449      0.03%     72.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        51001      0.06%     72.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead     10660999     12.46%     85.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     12592911     14.72%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     85550012                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       4176391                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            201556130                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           186860577                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   84452                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3670857                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3772805                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            51285135                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              85550012                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       2.296283                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 2.296283                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.435486                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.435486                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        156233194                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        69287787                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                20                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          26353551                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         18279817                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        44650605                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         125764                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean              27632436000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean             27632436000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-2.14748e+09               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-6.44245e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-1.07374e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+10-1.28849e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.28849e+10-1.50324e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.50324e+10-1.71799e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.71799e+10-1.93274e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.93274e+10-2.14748e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+10-2.36223e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.36223e+10-2.57698e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.57698e+10-2.79173e+10            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.79173e+10-3.00648e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.00648e+10-3.22123e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+10-3.43597e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.43597e+10-3.65072e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.65072e+10-3.86547e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.86547e+10-4.08022e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.08022e+10-4.29497e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       1846191                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        35.452703                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       26.614987                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       46.561512                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     1791602     97.04%     97.04% |       37132      2.01%     99.05% |        8080      0.44%     99.49% |        5918      0.32%     99.81% |        2614      0.14%     99.95% |         687      0.04%     99.99% |         148      0.01%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         1846191                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       1866296                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        25.225168                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       23.283312                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        9.175698                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     1314827     70.45%     70.45% |      551416     29.55%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         1866296                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         13845                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        21.970964                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.656314                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.111692                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         502      3.63%      3.63% |        1676     12.11%     15.73% |        6471     46.74%     62.47% |        3053     22.05%     84.52% |        2141     15.46%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           13845                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          7275989                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean            9.980098                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           3.574694                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          41.869136                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     7227472     99.33%     99.33% |       39770      0.55%     99.88% |        6974      0.10%     99.98% |        1582      0.02%    100.00% |         179      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            7275989                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      6922015                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000671                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000568                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.028018                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6917769     99.94%     99.94% |        3849      0.06%     99.99% |         397      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        6922015                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       353974                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     146.463848                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    109.678768                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    128.270489                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      305457     86.29%     86.29% |       39770     11.24%     97.53% |        6974      1.97%     99.50% |        1582      0.45%     99.95% |         179      0.05%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        353974                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         13389860                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean            5.881772                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.207050                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          25.013273                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    13225316     98.77%     98.77% |      146399      1.09%     99.86% |       15274      0.11%     99.98% |         281      0.00%     99.98% |        1146      0.01%     99.99% |        1267      0.01%    100.00% |         177      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           13389860                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     13176550                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.011272                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.009718                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.106849                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    13029817     98.89%     98.89% |      144942      1.10%     99.99% |        1791      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       13176550                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       213310                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     183.197858                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    162.096108                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev     85.576946                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |       48766     22.86%     22.86% |      146399     68.63%     91.49% |       15274      7.16%     98.65% |         281      0.13%     98.79% |        1146      0.54%     99.32% |        1267      0.59%     99.92% |         177      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        213310                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      9955134                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.002688                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.121868                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      10.811519                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     9942244     99.87%     99.87% |       10797      0.11%     99.98% |        1858      0.02%    100.00% |          39      0.00%    100.00% |          84      0.00%    100.00% |          90      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        9955134                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      9831767                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000451                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     9831765    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      9831767                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       123367                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    83.912140                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    74.576499                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    54.468013                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      110477     89.55%     89.55% |       10797      8.75%     98.30% |        1858      1.51%     99.81% |          39      0.03%     99.84% |          84      0.07%     99.91% |          90      0.07%     99.98% |          22      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       123367                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       127080                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      8.547238                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.670924                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    27.609396                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      125785     98.98%     98.98% |        1019      0.80%     99.78% |         247      0.19%     99.98% |           7      0.01%     99.98% |          11      0.01%     99.99% |          10      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       127080                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       119197                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000906                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000782                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.030087                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      119089     99.91%     99.91% |         108      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       119197                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples         7883                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    92.412026                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    77.350063                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    69.213946                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        6588     83.57%     83.57% |        1019     12.93%     96.50% |         247      3.13%     99.63% |           7      0.09%     99.72% |          11      0.14%     99.86% |          10      0.13%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total         7883                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.958652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.428864                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    32.524834                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         648     99.23%     99.23% |           4      0.61%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         625    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    95.321429                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    67.676785                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev   130.711742                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |          23     82.14%     82.14% |           4     14.29%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks         3753                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       146363                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       245788                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                   145454                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                   196469                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                  1424160                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                   1426                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                   1168                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   4351                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                     2717                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                        7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                   552107                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses               146880                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses               197637                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses              1428511                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 4597593                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                 3290315                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                11592650                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   96192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                  163845                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                  714271                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  50688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  33792                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                 714240                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                95547                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits               163190                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits               709920                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                645                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                655                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               4351                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               49907                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               33279                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits              714240                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               781                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses               513                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                     1152                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                      128                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                     2304                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles               19196173                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles               19140434                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles               16675401                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                   18432                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                    4096                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                   18432                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles              17341382                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles              17688568                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles              14822740                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             976896                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles            1081344                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles            1529856                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles             12984839                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles             10611476                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles             12886044                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time         17341382                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time         17688568                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time         14822740                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        976896                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time       1081344                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time       1520562                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time        12963037                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time        10611476                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time        11965835                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time           19077399                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time           19005266                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time           16525340                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles             35350                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles             17806                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles          66369222                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         102386296                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles          85614660                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles         19170456                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles         19145290                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles         12037445                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0              1293                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0              1161                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0              1298                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1             47323                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1             33279                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1            165186                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2             73677                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2             45792                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2             80854                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles             325                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles          999021                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       77685     25.35%     25.35% |       76386     24.93%     50.28% |       76383     24.93%     75.20% |       75990     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       306444                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       56027     25.43%     25.43% |       54801     24.87%     50.30% |       54817     24.88%     75.18% |       54683     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       220328                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       77711     25.36%     25.36% |       76386     24.92%     50.28% |       76383     24.92%     75.20% |       75989     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       306469                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       61937     25.38%     25.38% |       60718     24.88%     50.27% |       60737     24.89%     75.16% |       60606     24.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       243998                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           81                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6112     25.00%     25.00% |        6112     25.00%     50.00% |        6112     25.00%     75.00% |        6112     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24448                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       13466     25.24%     25.24% |       13393     25.11%     50.35% |       13374     25.07%     75.42% |       13114     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total        53347                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       77685     25.35%     25.35% |       76386     24.93%     50.28% |       76383     24.93%     75.20% |       75990     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       306444                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          26    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           26                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5910     24.97%     24.97% |        5917     25.00%     49.97% |        5920     25.01%     74.98% |        5923     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23670                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          26    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           26                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5910     24.97%     24.97% |        5917     25.00%     49.97% |        5920     25.01%     74.98% |        5923     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23670                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       55770     25.41%     25.41% |       54606     24.88%     50.29% |       54625     24.89%     75.17% |       54494     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       219495                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          778                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       13466     25.24%     25.24% |       13393     25.11%     50.35% |       13374     25.07%     75.42% |       13114     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total        53347                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       77685     25.35%     25.35% |       76386     24.93%     50.28% |       76383     24.93%     75.20% |       75989     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       306443                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       55770     25.41%     25.41% |       54606     24.88%     50.29% |       54625     24.89%     75.17% |       54494     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       219495                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          778                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          778                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24448                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     6303276     86.61%     86.61% |          38      0.00%     86.61% |      974214     13.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      7277528                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     9955192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      9955192                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    12719747     94.09%     94.09% |           0      0.00%     94.09% |      798628      5.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     13518375                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       13774     99.70%     99.70% |          38      0.28%     99.98% |           3      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        13815                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      410665     59.02%     59.02% |           0      0.00%     59.02% |      285176     40.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total       695841                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          30    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total           30                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      142121     40.21%     40.21% |          11      0.00%     40.21% |      211307     59.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       353439                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          27     90.00%     90.00% |           3     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total           30                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      270696     78.45%     78.45% |           0      0.00%     78.45% |       74378     21.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       345074                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          19    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      287901     50.25%     50.25% |           0      0.00%     50.25% |      285037     49.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total       572938                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      142030     40.18%     40.18% |          38      0.01%     40.19% |      211446     59.81%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       353514                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122628    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122628                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      146894     66.43%     66.43% |           0      0.00%     66.43% |       74242     33.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       221136                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11219     99.97%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           3      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11222                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         461    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          461                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |         741    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total          741                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          66    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           66                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         492    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total          492                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        6871    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total         6871                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     9831767    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      9831767                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          19    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        1530     98.27%     98.27% |          27      1.73%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         1557                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122135     99.89%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |         139      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       122274                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1360343     88.24%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |      181295     11.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1541638                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       21261     20.40%     20.40% |           0      0.00%     20.40% |       82946     79.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total       104207                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |         652     98.34%     98.34% |          11      1.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total          663                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      120092     48.39%     48.39% |           0      0.00%     48.39% |      128105     51.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       248197                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     4792033     89.18%     89.18% |           0      0.00%     89.18% |      581473     10.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      5373506                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    12551378     95.14%     95.14% |           0      0.00%     95.14% |      641440      4.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     13192818                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         373    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          373                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      167809     51.67%     51.67% |           0      0.00%     51.67% |      156932     48.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       324741                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          30    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total           30                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         127    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          127                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      142121     40.21%     40.21% |          11      0.00%     40.21% |      211307     59.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       353439                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          27     90.00%     90.00% |           3     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total           30                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      123736     99.89%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |         136      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       123872                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          10    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      146960     66.44%     66.44% |           0      0.00%     66.44% |       74242     33.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       221202                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          19    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1538    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1538                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           56                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         129    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          129                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      287901     50.25%     50.25% |           0      0.00%     50.25% |      285037     49.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       572938                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3832      3.11%      3.11% |        3779      3.06%      6.17% |        3496      2.83%      9.00% |        3490      2.83%     11.83% |        3538      2.87%     14.70% |        4048      3.28%     17.98% |        3718      3.01%     20.99% |        3299      2.67%     23.67% |        3542      2.87%     26.54% |        5140      4.17%     30.71% |        3886      3.15%     33.86% |        3787      3.07%     36.92% |        3552      2.88%     39.80% |        4281      3.47%     43.27% |        3868      3.14%     46.41% |        3778      3.06%     49.47% |        4091      3.32%     52.79% |        4113      3.33%     56.12% |        3612      2.93%     59.05% |        3284      2.66%     61.71% |        3063      2.48%     64.19% |        3656      2.96%     67.16% |        3507      2.84%     70.00% |        3399      2.76%     72.75% |        3619      2.93%     75.69% |        3645      2.95%     78.64% |        3261      2.64%     81.29% |        4544      3.68%     84.97% |        3924      3.18%     88.15% |        5158      4.18%     92.33% |        5007      4.06%     96.39% |        4456      3.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       123373                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       37269     10.53%     10.53% |       10976      3.10%     13.63% |       10032      2.83%     16.46% |       10783      3.05%     19.51% |       10091      2.85%     22.36% |        9886      2.79%     25.15% |        9656      2.73%     27.88% |        9598      2.71%     30.59% |        9646      2.73%     33.32% |       10242      2.89%     36.21% |       12036      3.40%     39.61% |       11713      3.31%     42.92% |       10398      2.94%     45.86% |       10133      2.86%     48.72% |        9358      2.64%     51.36% |        9642      2.72%     54.09% |       10487      2.96%     57.05% |       10030      2.83%     59.88% |       10230      2.89%     62.77% |       10144      2.87%     65.64% |        9975      2.82%     68.46% |       11357      3.21%     71.67% |        9823      2.78%     74.44% |        9546      2.70%     77.14% |        9748      2.75%     79.89% |       10259      2.90%     82.79% |        9780      2.76%     85.55% |        9366      2.65%     88.20% |        9725      2.75%     90.95% |        9432      2.66%     93.61% |        9976      2.82%     96.43% |       12638      3.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       353975                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |        8684      3.93%      3.93% |        7031      3.18%      7.10% |        6724      3.04%     10.14% |        6905      3.12%     13.26% |        6795      3.07%     16.34% |        6707      3.03%     19.37% |        6535      2.95%     22.32% |        6571      2.97%     25.29% |        6736      3.05%     28.34% |        6707      3.03%     31.37% |        6680      3.02%     34.39% |        7227      3.27%     37.66% |        6651      3.01%     40.66% |        6559      2.96%     43.63% |        6528      2.95%     46.58% |        6606      2.99%     49.57% |        6703      3.03%     52.60% |        6661      3.01%     55.61% |        6839      3.09%     58.70% |        6910      3.12%     61.82% |        6723      3.04%     64.86% |        7789      3.52%     68.38% |        6773      3.06%     71.44% |        6732      3.04%     74.49% |        6993      3.16%     77.65% |        6859      3.10%     80.75% |        6887      3.11%     83.86% |        7258      3.28%     87.14% |        6794      3.07%     90.21% |        6882      3.11%     93.33% |        7462      3.37%     96.70% |        7304      3.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       221215                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      5.26%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           3     15.79%     21.05% |           0      0.00%     21.05% |           0      0.00%     21.05% |           1      5.26%     26.32% |           7     36.84%     63.16% |           2     10.53%     73.68% |           1      5.26%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           1      5.26%     84.21% |           0      0.00%     84.21% |           1      5.26%     89.47% |           0      0.00%     89.47% |           2     10.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       45806      7.99%      7.99% |       17941      3.13%     11.13% |       16628      2.90%     14.03% |       17604      3.07%     17.10% |       16820      2.94%     20.04% |       16448      2.87%     22.91% |       16129      2.82%     25.72% |       16108      2.81%     28.53% |       16328      2.85%     31.38% |       16889      2.95%     34.33% |       18561      3.24%     37.57% |       18889      3.30%     40.87% |       16992      2.97%     43.83% |       16642      2.90%     46.74% |       15808      2.76%     49.50% |       16199      2.83%     52.33% |       17142      2.99%     55.32% |       16643      2.90%     58.22% |       16972      2.96%     61.18% |       16988      2.97%     64.15% |       16629      2.90%     67.05% |       19066      3.33%     70.38% |       16536      2.89%     73.27% |       16222      2.83%     76.10% |       16688      2.91%     79.01% |       17074      2.98%     81.99% |       16616      2.90%     84.89% |       16573      2.89%     87.78% |       16468      2.87%     90.66% |       16265      2.84%     93.50% |       17383      3.03%     96.53% |       19881      3.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total       572938                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        8045      3.67%      3.67% |        6823      3.11%      6.78% |        6855      3.13%      9.91% |        6803      3.10%     13.01% |        6803      3.10%     16.11% |        6800      3.10%     19.21% |        6791      3.10%     22.31% |        6803      3.10%     25.42% |        6822      3.11%     28.53% |        6832      3.12%     31.64% |        6858      3.13%     34.77% |        6830      3.12%     37.89% |        6812      3.11%     40.99% |        6833      3.12%     44.11% |        6814      3.11%     47.22% |        6803      3.10%     50.32% |        6836      3.12%     53.44% |        6826      3.11%     56.55% |        6830      3.12%     59.67% |        6826      3.11%     62.78% |        6807      3.10%     65.88% |        6856      3.13%     69.01% |        6830      3.12%     72.13% |        6780      3.09%     75.22% |        6797      3.10%     78.32% |        6805      3.10%     81.42% |        6794      3.10%     84.52% |        6783      3.09%     87.61% |        6785      3.09%     90.71% |        6773      3.09%     93.80% |        6788      3.10%     96.89% |        6809      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       219252                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        1824      3.40%      3.40% |        1708      3.19%      6.59% |        1738      3.24%      9.83% |        1682      3.14%     12.97% |        1686      3.15%     16.12% |        1684      3.14%     19.26% |        1682      3.14%     22.40% |        1666      3.11%     25.51% |        1677      3.13%     28.64% |        1723      3.22%     31.85% |        1701      3.17%     35.03% |        1651      3.08%     38.11% |        1706      3.18%     41.29% |        1698      3.17%     44.46% |        1708      3.19%     47.65% |        1658      3.09%     50.74% |        1672      3.12%     53.86% |        1653      3.08%     56.94% |        1644      3.07%     60.01% |        1628      3.04%     63.05% |        1634      3.05%     66.10% |        1658      3.09%     69.19% |        1645      3.07%     72.26% |        1631      3.04%     75.31% |        1671      3.12%     78.42% |        1694      3.16%     81.58% |        1686      3.15%     84.73% |        1636      3.05%     87.78% |        1659      3.10%     90.88% |        1633      3.05%     93.93% |        1635      3.05%     96.98% |        1620      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total        53591                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       10985      3.58%      3.58% |        9581      3.13%      6.71% |        9641      3.15%      9.86% |        9533      3.11%     12.97% |        9537      3.11%     16.08% |        9532      3.11%     19.19% |        9521      3.11%     22.30% |        9517      3.11%     25.40% |        9547      3.12%     28.52% |        9603      3.13%     31.65% |        9606      3.13%     34.79% |        9528      3.11%     37.90% |        9565      3.12%     41.02% |        9578      3.13%     44.14% |        9569      3.12%     47.27% |        9508      3.10%     50.37% |        9555      3.12%     53.49% |        9527      3.11%     56.60% |        9522      3.11%     59.70% |        9502      3.10%     62.80% |        9489      3.10%     65.90% |        9563      3.12%     69.02% |        9523      3.11%     72.13% |        9458      3.09%     75.21% |        9516      3.11%     78.32% |        9548      3.12%     81.44% |        9529      3.11%     84.55% |        9465      3.09%     87.63% |        9491      3.10%     90.73% |        9454      3.09%     93.82% |        9472      3.09%     96.91% |        9478      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       306443                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |        9961      3.64%      3.64% |        8557      3.13%      6.77% |        8617      3.15%      9.92% |        8509      3.11%     13.02% |        8513      3.11%     16.13% |        8508      3.11%     19.24% |        8497      3.10%     22.35% |        8493      3.10%     25.45% |        8523      3.11%     28.57% |        8579      3.13%     31.70% |        8582      3.14%     34.84% |        8504      3.11%     37.94% |        8541      3.12%     41.06% |        8554      3.13%     44.19% |        8545      3.12%     47.31% |        8484      3.10%     50.41% |        8531      3.12%     53.53% |        8503      3.11%     56.64% |        8498      3.11%     59.74% |        8478      3.10%     62.84% |        8465      3.09%     65.93% |        8539      3.12%     69.05% |        8499      3.11%     72.16% |        8434      3.08%     75.24% |        8492      3.10%     78.34% |        8524      3.11%     81.46% |        8505      3.11%     84.57% |        8441      3.08%     87.65% |        8467      3.09%     90.74% |        8430      3.08%     93.82% |        8448      3.09%     96.91% |        8454      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       273675                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          67     16.63%     16.63% |          10      2.48%     19.11% |          17      4.22%     23.33% |          14      3.47%     26.80% |           9      2.23%     29.03% |           8      1.99%     31.02% |           5      1.24%     32.26% |           9      2.23%     34.49% |           9      2.23%     36.72% |          11      2.73%     39.45% |          13      3.23%     42.68% |           7      1.74%     44.42% |          12      2.98%     47.39% |           6      1.49%     48.88% |           7      1.74%     50.62% |           7      1.74%     52.36% |           8      1.99%     54.34% |           9      2.23%     56.58% |           9      2.23%     58.81% |          11      2.73%     61.54% |          13      3.23%     64.76% |          15      3.72%     68.49% |          13      3.23%     71.71% |          13      3.23%     74.94% |          13      3.23%     78.16% |          10      2.48%     80.65% |          14      3.47%     84.12% |          15      3.72%     87.84% |          16      3.97%     91.81% |          12      2.98%     94.79% |          17      4.22%     99.01% |           4      0.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          403                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      3.33%      3.33% |           1      3.33%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           2      6.67%     13.33% |           3     10.00%     23.33% |           1      3.33%     26.67% |           2      6.67%     33.33% |           4     13.33%     46.67% |           1      3.33%     50.00% |           2      6.67%     56.67% |           2      6.67%     63.33% |           2      6.67%     70.00% |           2      6.67%     76.67% |           2      6.67%     83.33% |           1      3.33%     86.67% |           1      3.33%     90.00% |           1      3.33%     93.33% |           1      3.33%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           1      3.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total           30                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         443      3.30%      3.30% |         404      3.01%      6.32% |         396      2.95%      9.27% |         393      2.93%     12.20% |         409      3.05%     15.25% |         424      3.16%     18.41% |         414      3.09%     21.50% |         413      3.08%     24.58% |         416      3.10%     27.68% |         431      3.21%     30.89% |         438      3.27%     34.16% |         423      3.15%     37.31% |         447      3.33%     40.65% |         449      3.35%     43.99% |         449      3.35%     47.34% |         437      3.26%     50.60% |         439      3.27%     53.87% |         419      3.12%     57.00% |         415      3.09%     60.09% |         392      2.92%     63.02% |         389      2.90%     65.92% |         423      3.15%     69.07% |         407      3.03%     72.10% |         404      3.01%     75.12% |         428      3.19%     78.31% |         436      3.25%     81.56% |         443      3.30%     84.86% |         407      3.03%     87.90% |         405      3.02%     90.92% |         403      3.00%     93.92% |         411      3.06%     96.99% |         404      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        13411                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      3.33%      3.33% |           1      3.33%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           2      6.67%     13.33% |           3     10.00%     23.33% |           1      3.33%     26.67% |           2      6.67%     33.33% |           4     13.33%     46.67% |           1      3.33%     50.00% |           2      6.67%     56.67% |           2      6.67%     63.33% |           2      6.67%     70.00% |           2      6.67%     76.67% |           2      6.67%     83.33% |           1      3.33%     86.67% |           1      3.33%     90.00% |           1      3.33%     93.33% |           1      3.33%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           1      3.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total           30                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       45926      7.99%      7.99% |       17995      3.13%     11.12% |       16686      2.90%     14.03% |       17657      3.07%     17.10% |       16872      2.94%     20.04% |       16514      2.87%     22.91% |       16179      2.82%     25.72% |       16157      2.81%     28.54% |       16378      2.85%     31.39% |       16942      2.95%     34.33% |       18617      3.24%     37.57% |       18936      3.30%     40.87% |       17045      2.97%     43.84% |       16689      2.90%     46.74% |       15858      2.76%     49.50% |       16243      2.83%     52.33% |       17186      2.99%     55.32% |       16687      2.90%     58.22% |       17018      2.96%     61.18% |       17040      2.97%     64.15% |       16690      2.90%     67.05% |       19132      3.33%     70.38% |       16592      2.89%     73.27% |       16274      2.83%     76.10% |       16736      2.91%     79.01% |       17118      2.98%     81.99% |       16666      2.90%     84.89% |       16622      2.89%     87.78% |       16517      2.87%     90.66% |       16312      2.84%     93.50% |       17437      3.03%     96.53% |       19939      3.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total       574660                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.04%     11.04% |          52      3.12%     14.17% |          48      2.88%     17.05% |          48      2.88%     19.93% |          48      2.88%     22.81% |          48      2.88%     25.69% |          48      2.88%     28.57% |          48      2.88%     31.45% |          48      2.88%     34.33% |          48      2.88%     37.21% |          46      2.76%     39.98% |          46      2.76%     42.74% |          46      2.76%     45.50% |          46      2.76%     48.26% |          46      2.76%     51.02% |          46      2.76%     53.78% |          46      2.76%     56.54% |          48      2.88%     59.42% |          48      2.88%     62.30% |          48      2.88%     65.19% |          48      2.88%     68.07% |          50      3.00%     71.07% |          48      2.88%     73.95% |          46      2.76%     76.71% |          48      2.88%     79.59% |          50      3.00%     82.59% |          50      3.00%     85.59% |          46      2.76%     88.36% |          46      2.76%     91.12% |          48      2.88%     94.00% |          50      3.00%     97.00% |          50      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1666                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         416      3.26%      3.26% |         378      2.96%      6.22% |         381      2.99%      9.21% |         375      2.94%     12.15% |         386      3.02%     15.17% |         388      3.04%     18.21% |         386      3.02%     21.24% |         390      3.06%     24.29% |         396      3.10%     27.40% |         412      3.23%     30.62% |         412      3.23%     33.85% |         402      3.15%     37.00% |         426      3.34%     40.34% |         429      3.36%     43.70% |         425      3.33%     47.03% |         418      3.28%     50.31% |         421      3.30%     53.61% |         405      3.17%     56.78% |         397      3.11%     59.89% |         372      2.92%     62.81% |         363      2.84%     65.65% |         398      3.12%     68.77% |         385      3.02%     71.79% |         384      3.01%     74.80% |         411      3.22%     78.02% |         419      3.28%     81.30% |         428      3.35%     84.66% |         396      3.10%     87.76% |         397      3.11%     90.87% |         389      3.05%     93.92% |         399      3.13%     97.05% |         377      2.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        12761                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |        5293      4.14%      4.14% |        4030      3.15%      7.29% |        4083      3.19%     10.48% |        3980      3.11%     13.59% |        3987      3.12%     16.70% |        3974      3.11%     19.81% |        3977      3.11%     22.92% |        3972      3.10%     26.02% |        3975      3.11%     29.13% |        4009      3.13%     32.26% |        4026      3.15%     35.41% |        3932      3.07%     38.48% |        3951      3.09%     41.57% |        3963      3.10%     44.67% |        3968      3.10%     47.77% |        3926      3.07%     50.84% |        3956      3.09%     53.93% |        3940      3.08%     57.01% |        3944      3.08%     60.09% |        3948      3.09%     63.18% |        3944      3.08%     66.26% |        3966      3.10%     69.36% |        3967      3.10%     72.46% |        3907      3.05%     75.51% |        3930      3.07%     78.59% |        3948      3.09%     81.67% |        3915      3.06%     84.73% |        3893      3.04%     87.77% |        3923      3.07%     90.84% |        3891      3.04%     93.88% |        3886      3.04%     96.92% |        3942      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       127946                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        5276      3.18%      3.18% |        5173      3.12%      6.30% |        5177      3.12%      9.43% |        5178      3.12%     12.55% |        5164      3.12%     15.67% |        5170      3.12%     18.79% |        5158      3.11%     21.90% |        5155      3.11%     25.01% |        5176      3.12%     28.13% |        5182      3.13%     31.26% |        5168      3.12%     34.38% |        5194      3.13%     37.51% |        5188      3.13%     40.64% |        5186      3.13%     43.77% |        5176      3.12%     46.89% |        5164      3.12%     50.01% |        5178      3.12%     53.13% |        5182      3.13%     56.26% |        5181      3.13%     59.39% |        5182      3.13%     62.51% |        5182      3.13%     65.64% |        5199      3.14%     68.78% |        5171      3.12%     71.90% |        5167      3.12%     75.01% |        5175      3.12%     78.14% |        5181      3.13%     81.26% |        5186      3.13%     84.39% |        5177      3.12%     87.52% |        5171      3.12%     90.64% |        5174      3.12%     93.76% |        5187      3.13%     96.89% |        5159      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       165737                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3412      3.09%      3.09% |        3394      3.07%      6.16% |        3110      2.81%      8.97% |        3111      2.81%     11.79% |        3151      2.85%     14.64% |        3653      3.31%     17.94% |        3330      3.01%     20.96% |        2908      2.63%     23.59% |        3145      2.85%     26.43% |        4726      4.28%     30.71% |        3472      3.14%     33.85% |        3384      3.06%     36.91% |        3122      2.82%     39.74% |        3851      3.48%     43.22% |        3439      3.11%     46.33% |        3360      3.04%     49.37% |        3669      3.32%     52.69% |        3706      3.35%     56.05% |        3202      2.90%     58.94% |        2906      2.63%     61.57% |        2698      2.44%     64.01% |        3257      2.95%     66.96% |        3120      2.82%     69.78% |        3013      2.73%     72.51% |        3204      2.90%     75.41% |        3225      2.92%     78.33% |        2831      2.56%     80.89% |        4148      3.75%     84.64% |        3523      3.19%     87.83% |        4765      4.31%     92.14% |        4607      4.17%     96.31% |        4079      3.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110521                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |          27      5.35%      5.35% |          12      2.38%      7.72% |          69     13.66%     21.39% |          31      6.14%     27.52% |          14      2.77%     30.30% |          79     15.64%     45.94% |          10      1.98%     47.92% |           9      1.78%     49.70% |           3      0.59%     50.30% |           5      0.99%     51.29% |          95     18.81%     70.10% |           3      0.59%     70.69% |           2      0.40%     71.09% |           1      0.20%     71.29% |          29      5.74%     77.03% |           3      0.59%     77.62% |           2      0.40%     78.02% |           4      0.79%     78.81% |          57     11.29%     90.10% |          15      2.97%     93.07% |           1      0.20%     93.27% |           7      1.39%     94.65% |           4      0.79%     95.45% |           4      0.79%     96.24% |           6      1.19%     97.43% |           0      0.00%     97.43% |           2      0.40%     97.82% |           2      0.40%     98.22% |           4      0.79%     99.01% |           1      0.20%     99.21% |           1      0.20%     99.41% |           3      0.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total          505                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           2      7.69%      7.69% |           3     11.54%     19.23% |           4     15.38%     34.62% |           2      7.69%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           2      7.69%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2      7.69%     57.69% |           0      0.00%     57.69% |           0      0.00%     57.69% |           3     11.54%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           1      3.85%     73.08% |           0      0.00%     73.08% |           4     15.38%     88.46% |           1      3.85%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           1      3.85%     96.15% |           1      3.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      5.26%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           3     15.79%     21.05% |           0      0.00%     21.05% |           0      0.00%     21.05% |           1      5.26%     26.32% |           7     36.84%     63.16% |           2     10.53%     73.68% |           1      5.26%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           1      5.26%     84.21% |           0      0.00%     84.21% |           1      5.26%     89.47% |           0      0.00%     89.47% |           2     10.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      2.33%      2.33% |           2      4.65%      6.98% |           3      6.98%     13.95% |           1      2.33%     16.28% |           0      0.00%     16.28% |           3      6.98%     23.26% |           3      6.98%     30.23% |           3      6.98%     37.21% |           1      2.33%     39.53% |           3      6.98%     46.51% |           4      9.30%     55.81% |           1      2.33%     58.14% |           2      4.65%     62.79% |           2      4.65%     67.44% |           3      6.98%     74.42% |           2      4.65%     79.07% |           2      4.65%     83.72% |           1      2.33%     86.05% |           1      2.33%     88.37% |           1      2.33%     90.70% |           1      2.33%     93.02% |           1      2.33%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           1      2.33%     97.67% |           1      2.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           43                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         415      3.27%      3.27% |         379      2.98%      6.25% |         375      2.95%      9.20% |         374      2.94%     12.14% |         386      3.04%     15.18% |         388      3.05%     18.24% |         384      3.02%     21.26% |         390      3.07%     24.33% |         395      3.11%     27.44% |         407      3.20%     30.64% |         412      3.24%     33.88% |         401      3.16%     37.04% |         423      3.33%     40.37% |         425      3.35%     43.72% |         423      3.33%     47.04% |         416      3.27%     50.32% |         419      3.30%     53.62% |         402      3.16%     56.78% |         397      3.12%     59.91% |         369      2.90%     62.81% |         363      2.86%     65.67% |         393      3.09%     68.76% |         385      3.03%     71.79% |         385      3.03%     74.82% |         413      3.25%     78.07% |         420      3.31%     81.38% |         428      3.37%     84.75% |         391      3.08%     87.82% |         391      3.08%     90.90% |         387      3.05%     93.95% |         395      3.11%     97.06% |         374      2.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        12705                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      4.65%      4.65% |           7      8.14%     12.79% |           5      5.81%     18.60% |           4      4.65%     23.26% |           1      1.16%     24.42% |           7      8.14%     32.56% |           2      2.33%     34.88% |           1      1.16%     36.05% |           1      1.16%     37.21% |           2      2.33%     39.53% |           2      2.33%     41.86% |           1      1.16%     43.02% |           4      4.65%     47.67% |           1      1.16%     48.84% |           4      4.65%     53.49% |           0      0.00%     53.49% |           1      1.16%     54.65% |           2      2.33%     56.98% |          13     15.12%     72.09% |           4      4.65%     76.74% |           2      2.33%     79.07% |           1      1.16%     80.23% |           2      2.33%     82.56% |           2      2.33%     84.88% |           4      4.65%     89.53% |           1      1.16%     90.70% |           2      2.33%     93.02% |           0      0.00%     93.02% |           3      3.49%     96.51% |           2      2.33%     98.84% |           1      1.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           86                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       31949     14.17%     14.17% |        6934      3.08%     17.24% |        5879      2.61%     19.85% |        6771      3.00%     22.85% |        6090      2.70%     25.55% |        5833      2.59%     28.14% |        5667      2.51%     30.65% |        5614      2.49%     33.14% |        5667      2.51%     35.66% |        6226      2.76%     38.42% |        7911      3.51%     41.93% |        7777      3.45%     45.38% |        6443      2.86%     48.23% |        6167      2.73%     50.97% |        5359      2.38%     53.34% |        5711      2.53%     55.88% |        6527      2.89%     58.77% |        6085      2.70%     61.47% |        6228      2.76%     64.23% |        6180      2.74%     66.97% |        6029      2.67%     69.65% |        7383      3.27%     72.92% |        5852      2.60%     75.52% |        5635      2.50%     78.01% |        5812      2.58%     80.59% |        6311      2.80%     83.39% |        5863      2.60%     85.99% |        5471      2.43%     88.42% |        5798      2.57%     90.99% |        5539      2.46%     93.44% |        6089      2.70%     96.14% |        8693      3.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       225493                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        3406      6.14%      6.14% |        1855      3.35%      9.49% |        1543      2.78%     12.27% |        1725      3.11%     15.38% |        1631      2.94%     18.33% |        1535      2.77%     21.10% |        1377      2.48%     23.58% |        1416      2.55%     26.13% |        1560      2.81%     28.95% |        1523      2.75%     31.69% |        1512      2.73%     34.42% |        2033      3.67%     38.09% |        1460      2.63%     40.72% |        1373      2.48%     43.20% |        1352      2.44%     45.64% |        1442      2.60%     48.24% |        1524      2.75%     50.99% |        1479      2.67%     53.66% |        1654      2.98%     56.64% |        1727      3.12%     59.75% |        1534      2.77%     62.52% |        2584      4.66%     67.18% |        1602      2.89%     70.07% |        1565      2.82%     72.89% |        1818      3.28%     76.17% |        1678      3.03%     79.20% |        1701      3.07%     82.27% |        2081      3.75%     86.02% |        1622      2.93%     88.95% |        1707      3.08%     92.03% |        2275      4.10%     96.13% |        2145      3.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total        55439                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        8038      3.67%      3.67% |        6813      3.11%      6.78% |        6843      3.12%      9.90% |        6798      3.10%     13.00% |        6801      3.10%     16.11% |        6792      3.10%     19.21% |        6788      3.10%     22.31% |        6800      3.10%     25.41% |        6815      3.11%     28.52% |        6826      3.12%     31.64% |        6851      3.13%     34.76% |        6824      3.11%     37.88% |        6807      3.11%     40.99% |        6830      3.12%     44.10% |        6808      3.11%     47.21% |        6800      3.10%     50.31% |        6832      3.12%     53.43% |        6824      3.11%     56.55% |        6826      3.12%     59.66% |        6822      3.11%     62.78% |        6801      3.10%     65.88% |        6848      3.13%     69.01% |        6825      3.12%     72.12% |        6777      3.09%     75.21% |        6792      3.10%     78.31% |        6802      3.10%     81.42% |        6790      3.10%     84.52% |        6780      3.09%     87.61% |        6779      3.09%     90.71% |        6769      3.09%     93.80% |        6785      3.10%     96.89% |        6805      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       219091                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        1377      3.44%      3.44% |        1304      3.26%      6.70% |        1338      3.34%     10.04% |        1281      3.20%     13.24% |        1270      3.17%     16.42% |        1260      3.15%     19.56% |        1268      3.17%     22.73% |        1250      3.12%     25.85% |        1260      3.15%     29.00% |        1289      3.22%     32.22% |        1261      3.15%     35.37% |        1228      3.07%     38.44% |        1254      3.13%     41.58% |        1248      3.12%     44.69% |        1260      3.15%     47.84% |        1219      3.05%     50.89% |        1231      3.08%     53.96% |        1228      3.07%     57.03% |        1225      3.06%     60.09% |        1230      3.07%     63.16% |        1239      3.10%     66.26% |        1228      3.07%     69.33% |        1230      3.07%     72.40% |        1217      3.04%     75.44% |        1235      3.09%     78.53% |        1251      3.13%     81.65% |        1233      3.08%     84.73% |        1217      3.04%     87.77% |        1244      3.11%     90.88% |        1223      3.06%     93.94% |        1210      3.02%     96.96% |        1216      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total        40024                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          36      4.63%      4.63% |          26      3.35%      7.98% |          24      3.09%     11.07% |          24      3.09%     14.16% |          24      3.09%     17.25% |          24      3.09%     20.33% |          24      3.09%     23.42% |          24      3.09%     26.51% |          24      3.09%     29.60% |          24      3.09%     32.69% |          23      2.96%     35.65% |          23      2.96%     38.61% |          23      2.96%     41.57% |          23      2.96%     44.53% |          23      2.96%     47.49% |          23      2.96%     50.45% |          23      2.96%     53.41% |          24      3.09%     56.50% |          24      3.09%     59.59% |          24      3.09%     62.68% |          24      3.09%     65.77% |          25      3.22%     68.98% |          24      3.09%     72.07% |          23      2.96%     75.03% |          24      3.09%     78.12% |          25      3.22%     81.34% |          25      3.22%     84.56% |          23      2.96%     87.52% |          23      2.96%     90.48% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          777                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      3.33%      3.33% |           1      3.33%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           2      6.67%     13.33% |           3     10.00%     23.33% |           1      3.33%     26.67% |           2      6.67%     33.33% |           4     13.33%     46.67% |           1      3.33%     50.00% |           2      6.67%     56.67% |           2      6.67%     63.33% |           2      6.67%     70.00% |           2      6.67%     76.67% |           2      6.67%     83.33% |           1      3.33%     86.67% |           1      3.33%     90.00% |           1      3.33%     93.33% |           1      3.33%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           1      3.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total           30                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       45806      7.99%      7.99% |       17941      3.13%     11.13% |       16628      2.90%     14.03% |       17604      3.07%     17.10% |       16820      2.94%     20.04% |       16448      2.87%     22.91% |       16129      2.82%     25.72% |       16108      2.81%     28.53% |       16328      2.85%     31.38% |       16889      2.95%     34.33% |       18561      3.24%     37.57% |       18889      3.30%     40.87% |       16992      2.97%     43.83% |       16642      2.90%     46.74% |       15808      2.76%     49.50% |       16199      2.83%     52.33% |       17142      2.99%     55.32% |       16643      2.90%     58.22% |       16972      2.96%     61.18% |       16988      2.97%     64.15% |       16629      2.90%     67.05% |       19066      3.33%     70.38% |       16536      2.89%     73.27% |       16222      2.83%     76.10% |       16688      2.91%     79.01% |       17074      2.98%     81.99% |       16616      2.90%     84.89% |       16573      2.89%     87.78% |       16468      2.87%     90.66% |       16265      2.84%     93.50% |       17383      3.03%     96.53% |       19881      3.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total       572938                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           6      5.08%      5.08% |           8      6.78%     11.86% |           9      7.63%     19.49% |           4      3.39%     22.88% |           2      1.69%     24.58% |           5      4.24%     28.81% |           0      0.00%     28.81% |           0      0.00%     28.81% |           6      5.08%     33.90% |           3      2.54%     36.44% |           3      2.54%     38.98% |           5      4.24%     43.22% |           3      2.54%     45.76% |           1      0.85%     46.61% |           3      2.54%     49.15% |           1      0.85%     50.00% |           2      1.69%     51.69% |           1      0.85%     52.54% |           3      2.54%     55.08% |           3      2.54%     57.63% |           5      4.24%     61.86% |           7      5.93%     67.80% |           5      4.24%     72.03% |           3      2.54%     74.58% |           5      4.24%     78.81% |           3      2.54%     81.36% |           4      3.39%     84.75% |           3      2.54%     87.29% |           5      4.24%     91.53% |           3      2.54%     94.07% |           3      2.54%     96.61% |           4      3.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          118                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          32      3.71%      3.71% |          25      2.90%      6.61% |          25      2.90%      9.51% |          27      3.13%     12.65% |          30      3.48%     16.13% |          36      4.18%     20.30% |          30      3.48%     23.78% |          26      3.02%     26.80% |          22      2.55%     29.35% |          27      3.13%     32.48% |          28      3.25%     35.73% |          22      2.55%     38.28% |          29      3.36%     41.65% |          25      2.90%     44.55% |          25      2.90%     47.45% |          23      2.67%     50.12% |          22      2.55%     52.67% |          23      2.67%     55.34% |          22      2.55%     57.89% |          29      3.36%     61.25% |          32      3.71%     64.97% |          37      4.29%     69.26% |          30      3.48%     72.74% |          29      3.36%     76.10% |          23      2.67%     78.77% |          23      2.67%     81.44% |          25      2.90%     84.34% |          28      3.25%     87.59% |          24      2.78%     90.37% |          23      2.67%     93.04% |          30      3.48%     96.52% |          30      3.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total          862                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |        9961      3.64%      3.64% |        8557      3.13%      6.77% |        8617      3.15%      9.92% |        8509      3.11%     13.02% |        8513      3.11%     16.13% |        8508      3.11%     19.24% |        8497      3.10%     22.35% |        8493      3.10%     25.45% |        8523      3.11%     28.57% |        8579      3.13%     31.70% |        8582      3.14%     34.84% |        8504      3.11%     37.94% |        8541      3.12%     41.06% |        8554      3.13%     44.19% |        8545      3.12%     47.31% |        8484      3.10%     50.41% |        8531      3.12%     53.53% |        8503      3.11%     56.64% |        8498      3.11%     59.74% |        8478      3.10%     62.84% |        8465      3.09%     65.93% |        8539      3.12%     69.05% |        8499      3.11%     72.16% |        8434      3.08%     75.24% |        8492      3.10%     78.34% |        8524      3.11%     81.46% |        8505      3.11%     84.57% |        8441      3.08%     87.65% |        8467      3.09%     90.74% |        8430      3.08%     93.82% |        8448      3.09%     96.91% |        8454      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       273675                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          36      4.63%      4.63% |          26      3.35%      7.98% |          24      3.09%     11.07% |          24      3.09%     14.16% |          24      3.09%     17.25% |          24      3.09%     20.33% |          24      3.09%     23.42% |          24      3.09%     26.51% |          24      3.09%     29.60% |          24      3.09%     32.69% |          23      2.96%     35.65% |          23      2.96%     38.61% |          23      2.96%     41.57% |          23      2.96%     44.53% |          23      2.96%     47.49% |          23      2.96%     50.45% |          23      2.96%     53.41% |          24      3.09%     56.50% |          24      3.09%     59.59% |          24      3.09%     62.68% |          24      3.09%     65.77% |          25      3.22%     68.98% |          24      3.09%     72.07% |          23      2.96%     75.03% |          24      3.09%     78.12% |          25      3.22%     81.34% |          25      3.22%     84.56% |          23      2.96%     87.52% |          23      2.96%     90.48% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          777                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          59     45.74%     45.74% |           6      4.65%     50.39% |           6      4.65%     55.04% |           4      3.10%     58.14% |           1      0.78%     58.91% |           1      0.78%     59.69% |           0      0.00%     59.69% |           0      0.00%     59.69% |           3      2.33%     62.02% |           1      0.78%     62.79% |           2      1.55%     64.34% |           3      2.33%     66.67% |           2      1.55%     68.22% |           0      0.00%     68.22% |           1      0.78%     68.99% |           0      0.00%     68.99% |           1      0.78%     69.77% |           1      0.78%     70.54% |           2      1.55%     72.09% |           1      0.78%     72.87% |           3      2.33%     75.19% |           3      2.33%     77.52% |           3      2.33%     79.84% |           1      0.78%     80.62% |           4      3.10%     83.72% |           2      1.55%     85.27% |           3      2.33%     87.60% |           3      2.33%     89.92% |           5      3.88%     93.80% |           3      2.33%     96.12% |           3      2.33%     98.45% |           2      1.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          129                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      6.67%      6.67% |           2      4.44%     11.11% |           3      6.67%     17.78% |           0      0.00%     17.78% |           1      2.22%     20.00% |           4      8.89%     28.89% |           0      0.00%     28.89% |           0      0.00%     28.89% |           3      6.67%     35.56% |           2      4.44%     40.00% |           1      2.22%     42.22% |           2      4.44%     46.67% |           1      2.22%     48.89% |           1      2.22%     51.11% |           2      4.44%     55.56% |           1      2.22%     57.78% |           1      2.22%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1      2.22%     62.22% |           2      4.44%     66.67% |           2      4.44%     71.11% |           4      8.89%     80.00% |           2      4.44%     84.44% |           2      4.44%     88.89% |           1      2.22%     91.11% |           1      2.22%     93.33% |           1      2.22%     95.56% |           0      0.00%     95.56% |           0      0.00%     95.56% |           0      0.00%     95.56% |           0      0.00%     95.56% |           2      4.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           45                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           8      3.28%      3.28% |           4      1.64%      4.92% |          10      4.10%      9.02% |           9      3.69%     12.70% |           8      3.28%     15.98% |           7      2.87%     18.85% |           3      1.23%     20.08% |           6      2.46%     22.54% |           5      2.05%     24.59% |           8      3.28%     27.87% |           7      2.87%     30.74% |           3      1.23%     31.97% |           8      3.28%     35.25% |           4      1.64%     36.89% |           4      1.64%     38.52% |           5      2.05%     40.57% |           5      2.05%     42.62% |           7      2.87%     45.49% |           6      2.46%     47.95% |           9      3.69%     51.64% |           9      3.69%     55.33% |          12      4.92%     60.25% |          10      4.10%     64.34% |          12      4.92%     69.26% |           9      3.69%     72.95% |           8      3.28%     76.23% |          11      4.51%     80.74% |          12      4.92%     85.66% |          11      4.51%     90.16% |           8      3.28%     93.44% |          14      5.74%     99.18% |           2      0.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          244                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          24      3.88%      3.88% |          21      3.40%      7.28% |          15      2.43%      9.71% |          18      2.91%     12.62% |          22      3.56%     16.18% |          29      4.69%     20.87% |          27      4.37%     25.24% |          20      3.24%     28.48% |          17      2.75%     31.23% |          19      3.07%     34.30% |          21      3.40%     37.70% |          19      3.07%     40.78% |          21      3.40%     44.17% |          21      3.40%     47.57% |          21      3.40%     50.97% |          18      2.91%     53.88% |          17      2.75%     56.63% |          16      2.59%     59.22% |          16      2.59%     61.81% |          20      3.24%     65.05% |          23      3.72%     68.77% |          25      4.05%     72.82% |          20      3.24%     76.05% |          17      2.75%     78.80% |          14      2.27%     81.07% |          15      2.43%     83.50% |          14      2.27%     85.76% |          16      2.59%     88.35% |          13      2.10%     90.45% |          15      2.43%     92.88% |          16      2.59%     95.47% |          28      4.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total          618                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         415      3.27%      3.27% |         379      2.98%      6.25% |         375      2.95%      9.20% |         374      2.94%     12.14% |         386      3.04%     15.18% |         388      3.05%     18.24% |         384      3.02%     21.26% |         390      3.07%     24.33% |         395      3.11%     27.44% |         407      3.20%     30.64% |         412      3.24%     33.88% |         401      3.16%     37.04% |         423      3.33%     40.37% |         425      3.35%     43.72% |         423      3.33%     47.04% |         416      3.27%     50.32% |         419      3.30%     53.62% |         402      3.16%     56.78% |         397      3.12%     59.91% |         369      2.90%     62.81% |         363      2.86%     65.67% |         393      3.09%     68.76% |         385      3.03%     71.79% |         385      3.03%     74.82% |         413      3.25%     78.07% |         420      3.31%     81.38% |         428      3.37%     84.75% |         391      3.08%     87.82% |         391      3.08%     90.90% |         387      3.05%     93.95% |         395      3.11%     97.06% |         374      2.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        12705                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      3.33%      3.33% |           1      3.33%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           2      6.67%     13.33% |           3     10.00%     23.33% |           1      3.33%     26.67% |           2      6.67%     33.33% |           4     13.33%     46.67% |           1      3.33%     50.00% |           2      6.67%     56.67% |           2      6.67%     63.33% |           2      6.67%     70.00% |           2      6.67%     76.67% |           2      6.67%     83.33% |           1      3.33%     86.67% |           1      3.33%     90.00% |           1      3.33%     93.33% |           1      3.33%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           1      3.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total           30                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      2.33%      2.33% |           2      4.65%      6.98% |           3      6.98%     13.95% |           1      2.33%     16.28% |           0      0.00%     16.28% |           3      6.98%     23.26% |           3      6.98%     30.23% |           3      6.98%     37.21% |           1      2.33%     39.53% |           3      6.98%     46.51% |           4      9.30%     55.81% |           1      2.33%     58.14% |           2      4.65%     62.79% |           2      4.65%     67.44% |           3      6.98%     74.42% |           2      4.65%     79.07% |           2      4.65%     83.72% |           1      2.33%     86.05% |           1      2.33%     88.37% |           1      2.33%     90.70% |           1      2.33%     93.02% |           1      2.33%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           1      2.33%     97.67% |           1      2.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           43                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |        5293      4.14%      4.14% |        4030      3.15%      7.29% |        4083      3.19%     10.48% |        3980      3.11%     13.59% |        3987      3.12%     16.70% |        3974      3.11%     19.81% |        3977      3.11%     22.92% |        3972      3.10%     26.02% |        3975      3.11%     29.13% |        4009      3.13%     32.26% |        4026      3.15%     35.41% |        3932      3.07%     38.48% |        3951      3.09%     41.57% |        3963      3.10%     44.67% |        3968      3.10%     47.77% |        3926      3.07%     50.84% |        3956      3.09%     53.93% |        3940      3.08%     57.01% |        3944      3.08%     60.09% |        3948      3.09%     63.18% |        3944      3.08%     66.26% |        3966      3.10%     69.36% |        3967      3.10%     72.46% |        3907      3.05%     75.51% |        3930      3.07%     78.59% |        3948      3.09%     81.67% |        3915      3.06%     84.73% |        3893      3.04%     87.77% |        3923      3.07%     90.84% |        3891      3.04%     93.88% |        3886      3.04%     96.92% |        3942      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       127946                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         416      3.26%      3.26% |         378      2.96%      6.22% |         381      2.99%      9.21% |         375      2.94%     12.15% |         386      3.03%     15.17% |         388      3.04%     18.21% |         386      3.03%     21.24% |         390      3.06%     24.29% |         396      3.10%     27.40% |         412      3.23%     30.63% |         412      3.23%     33.86% |         402      3.15%     37.01% |         426      3.34%     40.34% |         429      3.36%     43.71% |         425      3.33%     47.04% |         418      3.28%     50.31% |         421      3.30%     53.61% |         405      3.17%     56.79% |         397      3.11%     59.90% |         372      2.92%     62.81% |         363      2.84%     65.66% |         398      3.12%     68.78% |         385      3.02%     71.79% |         384      3.01%     74.80% |         411      3.22%     78.03% |         419      3.28%     81.31% |         428      3.35%     84.66% |         395      3.10%     87.76% |         397      3.11%     90.87% |         389      3.05%     93.92% |         399      3.13%     97.05% |         377      2.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        12760                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        5276      3.18%      3.18% |        5173      3.12%      6.30% |        5177      3.12%      9.43% |        5178      3.12%     12.55% |        5164      3.12%     15.67% |        5170      3.12%     18.79% |        5158      3.11%     21.90% |        5155      3.11%     25.01% |        5176      3.12%     28.13% |        5182      3.13%     31.26% |        5168      3.12%     34.38% |        5194      3.13%     37.51% |        5188      3.13%     40.64% |        5186      3.13%     43.77% |        5176      3.12%     46.89% |        5164      3.12%     50.01% |        5178      3.12%     53.13% |        5182      3.13%     56.26% |        5181      3.13%     59.39% |        5182      3.13%     62.51% |        5182      3.13%     65.64% |        5199      3.14%     68.78% |        5171      3.12%     71.90% |        5167      3.12%     75.01% |        5175      3.12%     78.14% |        5181      3.13%     81.26% |        5186      3.13%     84.39% |        5177      3.12%     87.52% |        5171      3.12%     90.64% |        5174      3.12%     93.76% |        5187      3.13%     96.89% |        5159      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       165737                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      4.44%      4.44% |           3      6.67%     11.11% |           4      8.89%     20.00% |           3      6.67%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           2      4.44%     31.11% |           0      0.00%     31.11% |           0      0.00%     31.11% |           0      0.00%     31.11% |           2      4.44%     35.56% |           0      0.00%     35.56% |           0      0.00%     35.56% |           3      6.67%     42.22% |           0      0.00%     42.22% |           3      6.67%     48.89% |           0      0.00%     48.89% |           1      2.22%     51.11% |           1      2.22%     53.33% |          11     24.44%     77.78% |           3      6.67%     84.44% |           1      2.22%     86.67% |           0      0.00%     86.67% |           0      0.00%     86.67% |           0      0.00%     86.67% |           1      2.22%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1      2.22%     91.11% |           0      0.00%     91.11% |           3      6.67%     97.78% |           1      2.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           45                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       45924      7.99%      7.99% |       17992      3.13%     11.12% |       16682      2.90%     14.03% |       17654      3.07%     17.10% |       16872      2.94%     20.03% |       16512      2.87%     22.91% |       16179      2.82%     25.72% |       16157      2.81%     28.54% |       16378      2.85%     31.39% |       16940      2.95%     34.33% |       18617      3.24%     37.57% |       18936      3.30%     40.87% |       17042      2.97%     43.84% |       16689      2.90%     46.74% |       15855      2.76%     49.50% |       16243      2.83%     52.33% |       17185      2.99%     55.32% |       16686      2.90%     58.22% |       17007      2.96%     61.18% |       17037      2.96%     64.15% |       16689      2.90%     67.05% |       19132      3.33%     70.38% |       16592      2.89%     73.27% |       16274      2.83%     76.10% |       16735      2.91%     79.01% |       17118      2.98%     81.99% |       16665      2.90%     84.89% |       16622      2.89%     87.78% |       16514      2.87%     90.66% |       16311      2.84%     93.50% |       17437      3.03%     96.53% |       19939      3.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       574615                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      3.70%      3.70% |           1      3.70%      7.41% |           0      0.00%      7.41% |           0      0.00%      7.41% |           2      7.41%     14.81% |           3     11.11%     25.93% |           1      3.70%     29.63% |           2      7.41%     37.04% |           4     14.81%     51.85% |           1      3.70%     55.56% |           1      3.70%     59.26% |           2      7.41%     66.67% |           2      7.41%     74.07% |           2      7.41%     81.48% |           2      7.41%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1      3.70%     92.59% |           1      3.70%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           1      3.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total           27                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      3.70%      3.70% |           1      3.70%      7.41% |           0      0.00%      7.41% |           0      0.00%      7.41% |           2      7.41%     14.81% |           3     11.11%     25.93% |           1      3.70%     29.63% |           2      7.41%     37.04% |           4     14.81%     51.85% |           1      3.70%     55.56% |           1      3.70%     59.26% |           2      7.41%     66.67% |           2      7.41%     74.07% |           2      7.41%     81.48% |           2      7.41%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1      3.70%     92.59% |           1      3.70%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           1      3.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total           27                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      249545     17.75%     17.75% |      702992     50.00%     67.75% |      453447     32.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      1405984                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      249545     17.75%     17.75% |      702992     50.00%     67.75% |      453447     32.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      1405984                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      249545     17.75%     17.75% |      702992     50.00%     67.75% |      453447     32.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      1405984                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      249545     17.75%     17.75% |      702992     50.00%     67.75% |      453447     32.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      1405984                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
