
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.119824                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                119823621500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5295991700000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  19636                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    34754                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               42920755                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                6091788                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2791.74                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    54818608                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      97024425                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     45606336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          45606336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     20451008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       20451008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       712599                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             712599                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       319547                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            319547                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    380612232                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            380612232                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    170675930                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           170675930                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    551288161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           551288161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     712599                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    319547                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   712599                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  319547                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              45585856                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  20480                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               20451008                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               45606336                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            20451008                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   320                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            44651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            44571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            44271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            44575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            44211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            44349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            45802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            44765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            43988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            44435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           44153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           44626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           44003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           44033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           45171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           44675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            19850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            19979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            20034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            20161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            20042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            20109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            20133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            20128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            19768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            20008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           19856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           19955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           19899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           19859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           19891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           19875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                   105575                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                    21537                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 119823016500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               712599                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              319547                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 177244                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  21092                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  20063                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  20883                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                  21489                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                  21860                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                  21931                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                  21717                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                  21229                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                  20605                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                 19707                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                 18924                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                 17775                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                 16567                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                 15588                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                 14469                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                 13374                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                 12355                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                 11346                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                 10770                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  9793                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  9196                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  8622                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  7933                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                  7546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                  7043                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                  6477                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                  6302                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                  5939                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  5901                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  6047                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                112492                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  43931                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  47430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  49514                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  51203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  52730                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                  18856                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                  19675                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                  36208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       312901                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   211.046535                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   158.917680                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   165.179437                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       100340     32.07%     32.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        92889     29.69%     61.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        73247     23.41%     85.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        21475      6.86%     92.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        16372      5.23%     97.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3953      1.26%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2448      0.78%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1590      0.51%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          587      0.19%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       312901                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        46274                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.392488                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    37.512101                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        45944     99.29%     99.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          226      0.49%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           51      0.11%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           19      0.04%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           11      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            7      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            6      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            3      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        46274                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        46274                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.905541                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.308651                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.441262                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          34863     75.34%     75.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          4961     10.72%     86.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         3446      7.45%     93.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         3004      6.49%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        46274                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 87575048394                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat           100930279644                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                3561395000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                   122950.48                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              141700.48                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      380.44                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      170.68                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   380.61                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   170.68                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        4.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    2.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.98                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      3.07                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  540579                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 178345                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                75.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               55.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    116091.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   69.67                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20218877000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     4001140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    95602858000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0             1190253960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1             1175277600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              649444125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              641272500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            2786121000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            2769631800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0           1039625280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1           1031039280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         7826229840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         7826229840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        49443034050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        48969153720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        28522634250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        28938318750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          91457342505                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          91350923490                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          763.271228                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          762.383092                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     45100864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          45100864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     19910848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       19910848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       704701                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             704701                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       311107                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            311107                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    376393765                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            376393765                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    166167970                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           166167970                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    542561735                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           542561735                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     704701                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    311107                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   704701                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  311107                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              45082240                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  18624                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               19910848                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               45100864                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            19910848                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   291                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            44135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            44293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            43585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            44210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            43739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            43901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            45407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            44449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            43506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            44012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           43371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           44203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           43399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           43522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           44381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           44297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            19314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            19526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            19481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            19688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            19534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            19603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            19576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            19575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            19238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            19548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           19254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           19500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           19311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           19357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           19264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           19338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                   105433                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                    21845                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 119822768000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               704701                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              311107                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 170066                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  20017                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  20467                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  21369                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                  21733                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                  21832                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                  21991                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                  21875                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                  21275                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                  20550                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                 19905                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                 18782                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                 17675                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                 16736                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                 15841                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                 14426                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                 13387                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                 12447                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                 11324                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                 10489                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  9783                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  9012                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  8510                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  7895                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                  7363                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                  6912                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  6552                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  6155                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  5935                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  5824                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  6047                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                112235                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  42290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  45692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  47901                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  49550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  51027                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                  18612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                  19642                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                  36393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       299703                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   216.857676                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   163.383585                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   167.163956                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        93585     31.23%     31.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        85934     28.67%     59.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        73510     24.53%     84.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        21404      7.14%     91.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        16600      5.54%     97.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4072      1.36%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2472      0.82%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1581      0.53%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          545      0.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       299703                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        44665                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.770939                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    36.309212                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        44362     99.32%     99.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          210      0.47%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           43      0.10%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           19      0.04%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            7      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            3      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            8      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            3      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        44665                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        44665                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.965342                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.353532                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.480847                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          33252     74.45%     74.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          4974     11.14%     85.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         3481      7.79%     93.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2958      6.62%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        44665                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 86825936530                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat           100033624030                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                3522050000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                   123260.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              142010.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      376.24                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      166.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   376.39                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   166.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        4.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    2.94                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.97                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      3.06                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  537793                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 178018                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                76.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               57.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    117958.09                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   70.49                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20708662250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     4001140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    95113191750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0             1144213560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1             1121518440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              624322875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              611939625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            2759008200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            2735366400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0           1012798080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1           1003136400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         7826229840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         7826229840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        48232717425                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        48006740070                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        29584315500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        29782541250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          91183605480                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          91087472025                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          760.986714                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          760.184418                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     45078976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          45078976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     19925312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       19925312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       704359                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             704359                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       311333                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            311333                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    376211096                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            376211096                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    166288681                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           166288681                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    542499777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           542499777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     704359                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    311333                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   704359                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  311333                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              45064000                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  14976                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               19925184                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               45078976                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            19925312                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   234                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            44177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            44231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            43765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            44085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            43905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            43807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            45273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            44212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            43586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            43879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           43535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           44116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           43620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           43453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           44417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           44064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            19360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            19519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            19537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            19628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            19619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            19533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            19584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            19561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            19294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            19525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           19316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           19464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           19398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           19286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           19374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           19333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                   106454                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                    22561                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 119823574500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               704359                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              311333                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 170377                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  19908                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  20234                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                  20964                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                  21413                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                  21758                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                  21848                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                  21704                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                  21074                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                  20457                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                 19671                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                 18749                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                 17835                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                 16748                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                 15653                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                 14499                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                 13116                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                 12192                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                 11397                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                 10397                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  9693                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  8969                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  8450                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  7834                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                  7504                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  7063                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  6539                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  6499                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  6058                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  6000                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  6160                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                113362                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  42179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  45602                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  47741                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  49387                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  50927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                  18808                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                  19385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                  37304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       299147                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   217.247681                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   163.810637                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   167.178980                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        92802     31.02%     31.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        85937     28.73%     59.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        73729     24.65%     84.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511        21442      7.17%     91.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639        16592      5.55%     97.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4069      1.36%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2405      0.80%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1603      0.54%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          568      0.19%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       299147                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        44654                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.768307                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    36.140059                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        44351     99.32%     99.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          208      0.47%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           46      0.10%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           17      0.04%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            6      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            9      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            3      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            5      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            3      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        44654                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        44654                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.972074                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.357285                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.491617                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          33235     74.43%     74.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          4975     11.14%     85.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         3408      7.63%     93.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         3036      6.80%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        44654                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 87150415018                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat           100352758768                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                3520625000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                   123771.23                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              142521.23                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      376.09                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      166.29                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   376.21                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   166.29                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        4.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    2.94                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.98                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      3.05                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  537929                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 178378                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                76.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               57.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    117972.35                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   70.54                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20836009750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     4001140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    94985725250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0             1139775840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1             1121775480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              621901500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              612079875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            2756941200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            2735210400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0           1013089680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1           1004335200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         7826229840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         7826229840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        48475264680                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        47963876355                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        29371554750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        29820141000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          91204757490                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          91083648150                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          761.163242                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          760.152505                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     45039936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          45039936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     19910720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       19910720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       703749                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             703749                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       311105                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            311105                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    375885284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            375885284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    166166902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           166166902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    542052186                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           542052186                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     703750                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    311105                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   703750                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  311105                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              45025216                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  14784                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               19910656                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               45040000                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            19910720                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   231                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            44153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            44042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            43827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            43908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            43860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            43741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            45374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            44054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            43543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            43711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           43729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           43783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           43629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           43440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           44662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           44063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            19331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            19459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            19567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            19564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            19594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            19550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            19596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            19561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            19239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            19467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           19340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           19366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           19434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           19277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           19408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           19351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                   105789                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                    21568                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 119822878000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               703750                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              311105                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 170048                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  19989                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  20413                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                  21310                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                  21635                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                  22217                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                  22176                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                  21652                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                  20824                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                  20387                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                 19588                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                 18424                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                 17689                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                 16569                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                 15550                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                 14335                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                 13278                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                 12212                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                 11597                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                 10701                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  9823                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  9135                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  8454                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  7913                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  7411                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  6957                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  6532                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  6210                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                  5894                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                  5897                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  6123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                112576                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  42230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  45650                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  47805                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  49637                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  51215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                  18918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                  19442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                  36208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       298892                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   217.254018                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   163.617538                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   167.555189                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        93354     31.23%     31.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        85251     28.52%     59.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        73573     24.62%     84.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        21573      7.22%     91.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639        16377      5.48%     97.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4084      1.37%     98.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2482      0.83%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1633      0.55%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          565      0.19%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       298892                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        44614                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.768996                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    37.281131                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        44294     99.28%     99.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          231      0.52%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           44      0.10%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           12      0.03%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            5      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            7      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            5      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            5      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            6      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        44614                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        44614                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.973237                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.357654                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.492367                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          33173     74.36%     74.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          4964     11.13%     85.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         3476      7.79%     93.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         3001      6.73%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        44614                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 87027238971                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat           100218220221                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                3517595000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                   123702.76                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              142452.76                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      375.76                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      166.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   375.89                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   166.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        4.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    2.94                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.97                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      3.03                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  537380                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 178345                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                76.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               57.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    118068.96                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   70.54                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20272383750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     4001140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    95549458250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0             1138868640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1             1120732200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              621406500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              611510625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            2753072400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            2734344600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0           1012312080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1           1003609440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         7826229840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         7826229840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        48208374720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        47747608380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        29605668750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        30009849750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          91165932930                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          91053884835                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          760.839225                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          759.904111                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1253                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1253                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1478                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1478                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               253                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              253                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5462                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5968                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          924                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1132                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4522                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5534                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               203500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              573000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              543380                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              133880                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1992000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          378                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1548288                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          378                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                512                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                5119                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               27318397                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 48.279985                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                32.627379                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                71.844248                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    27174913     99.47%     99.47% |      143217      0.52%    100.00% |         216      0.00%    100.00% |          41      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 27318397                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     39593871                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.745159                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.806971                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      4.300922                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    35282610     89.11%     89.11% |     1796200      4.54%     93.65% |      638701      1.61%     95.26% |      596849      1.51%     96.77% |      425350      1.07%     97.84% |      306559      0.77%     98.62% |      226546      0.57%     99.19% |      199175      0.50%     99.69% |      121881      0.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      39593871                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            2048                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            20479                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            39593869                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              55.007928                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              5.034520                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            228.685760                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    39499954     99.76%     99.76% |       87536      0.22%     99.98% |        5854      0.01%    100.00% |         490      0.00%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              39593869                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        35099757                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000241                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000204                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.016743                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    35091941     99.98%     99.98% |        7254      0.02%    100.00% |         508      0.00%    100.00% |          44      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          35099757                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        4494112                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        461.196557                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       286.906240                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       524.054080                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     4400197     97.91%     97.91% |       87536      1.95%     99.86% |        5854      0.13%     99.99% |         490      0.01%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          4494112                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    96468992                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    8388608                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         578210                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       578210                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          732                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          732                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles          831                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          763                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     24746498                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       905512                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     25652010                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits     10350114                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       126497                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses     10476611                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load      1063795                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        37792                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       382019                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2034573                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        64010                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           34                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           34                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          294                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       216282                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       216576                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        91956                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits          259                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses       216317                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       216576                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        91905                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          267                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses       216309                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       216576                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        92128                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          262                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses       216314                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       216576                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        91468                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits          247                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses       216329                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       216576                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        91711                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits          249                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses       216327                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       216576                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        91771                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          230                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses       216346                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       216576                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        92011                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          265                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses       216311                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       216576                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        91807                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits          152                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses       216424                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       216576                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.fully_busy_cycles        91911                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits          130                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses       216446                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       216576                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.fully_busy_cycles        91839                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits          105                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses       216471                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       216576                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.fully_busy_cycles        91708                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits          114                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses       216462                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       216576                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.fully_busy_cycles        92034                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits          138                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses       216438                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       216576                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.fully_busy_cycles        92243                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits          163                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses       216413                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       216576                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.fully_busy_cycles        91771                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits          159                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses       216417                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       216576                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.fully_busy_cycles        91928                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits          111                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses       216465                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       216576                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.fully_busy_cycles        91832                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       126478                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses       101363                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       227841                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        44816                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        92612                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses       137428                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        45408                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        92846                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses       138254                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        44660                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        92378                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses       137038                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        43617                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        92207                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses       135824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        44981                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        91922                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses       136903                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        43257                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        91879                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses       135136                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        43135                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        91995                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses       135130                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        44351                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        92242                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses       136593                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        44054                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        92408                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses       136462                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        43915                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        92344                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses       136259                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        43939                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        92138                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses       136077                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        43201                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        92677                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses       135878                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        44012                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        92058                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses       136070                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        58853                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        92361                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses       151214                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        52360                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        92195                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses       144555                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        43115                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        92226                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses       135341                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        43627                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        92437                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses       136064                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        43697                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        92705                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses       136402                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        42961                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        92556                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses       135517                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        44553                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        92199                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses       136752                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        45430                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        91910                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses       137340                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        45539                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        92188                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses       137727                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        45648                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        92336                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses       137984                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        48978                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        92184                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses       141162                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        55251                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        92411                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses       147662                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        43960                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        92115                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses       136075                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        44128                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        92011                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses       136139                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        43567                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        92045                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses       135612                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        42370                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        92300                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses       134670                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        42759                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        92658                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses       135417                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        44806                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        92782                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses       137588                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          387                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     23332562                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     23332562                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     24199107                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     23332562                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity     10833955                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity     10753182                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     23332562                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.097362                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads     15446735                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes     15446735                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity     16522051                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity     15446735                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      8268012                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      8129563                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity     15446735                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.064456                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads     12969848                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes     12969848                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity     13818352                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity     12969848                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5597394                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5521872                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity     12969848                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.054121                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads     12276281                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes     12276281                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity     13150977                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity     12276281                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5425083                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5348989                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity     12276281                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.051226                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads     12925416                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes     12925416                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity     13769584                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity     12925416                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6489544                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6390524                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity     12925416                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.053935                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads     12979285                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes     12979285                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity     14013192                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity     12979285                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6650680                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6536133                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity     12979285                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.054160                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads     15958289                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes     15958289                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity     17119165                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity     15958289                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6821358                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6699445                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity     15958289                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.066591                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads     14051476                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes     14051476                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15252592                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14051476                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6347898                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6238940                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity     14051476                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.058634                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      8467557                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      8467557                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8909456                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8467557                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3777736                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3736809                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      8467557                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.035333                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads     10032021                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes     10032021                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10765214                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10032021                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4742170                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4676949                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity     10032021                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.041862                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads     10448551                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes     10448551                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity     11246993                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10448551                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4671914                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4595235                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity     10448551                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.043600                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      8727899                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      8727899                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9174854                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8727899                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3840513                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3799703                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      8727899                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.036420                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads     10278270                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes     10278270                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10968888                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10278270                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4756278                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4699010                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity     10278270                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.042889                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      9981358                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      9981358                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10696280                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9981358                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4472459                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4406958                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      9981358                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.041650                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      6837051                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      6837051                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7278281                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6837051                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3223966                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3177935                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      6837051                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.028530                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      9256999                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      9256999                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9987793                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9256999                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4560212                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4447971                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      9256999                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.038628                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads     10512936                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes     10512936                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity     11227333                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10512936                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5002684                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4897492                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity     10512936                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.043868                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      9598158                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      9598158                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10256180                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9598158                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4618534                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4548526                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      9598158                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.040051                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      7305511                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      7305511                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7561904                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7305511                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3481766                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3467231                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      7305511                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.030484                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      4904526                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      4904526                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5110572                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4904526                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2250243                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2239002                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      4904526                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.020466                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      3166890                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      3166890                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3188313                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3166890                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1462890                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1462382                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      3166890                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.013215                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      3720010                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      3720010                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3750485                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3720010                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1896996                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1894674                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      3720010                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.015523                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      3812778                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      3812778                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3848901                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3812778                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1858915                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1856822                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      3812778                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.015910                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      2582295                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      2582295                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2592152                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2582295                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1236302                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1235847                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      2582295                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.010775                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      3118975                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      3118975                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3139610                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3118975                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1413477                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1413015                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      3118975                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.013015                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      3516701                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      3516701                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3548249                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3516701                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1785059                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1782729                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      3516701                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.014674                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      3721364                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      3721364                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3757172                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3721364                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1806493                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1804396                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      3721364                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.015529                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      2595572                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      2595572                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2605545                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2595572                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1241211                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1240816                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      2595572                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.010831                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads     13868424                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes     13868424                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15289606                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity     13868424                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6086071                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6012636                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity     13868424                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.057870                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads     14089658                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes     14089658                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15309604                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14089658                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6280792                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6204878                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity     14089658                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.058793                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads     15467326                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes     15467326                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity     17259369                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity     15467326                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6864338                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6745522                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity     15467326                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.064542                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads     15117126                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes     15117126                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity     16713918                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity     15117126                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6865778                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6748562                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity     15117126                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.063081                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    19615770     25.77%     25.77% |    51895161     68.17%     93.94% |     4616395      6.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     76127326                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    19615770     25.77%     25.77% |    51895161     68.17%     93.94% |     4616395      6.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     76127326                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   744927458                       |  1413175995                       |   116031107                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |  1046473249                       |   238062506                       |     4618225                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   37.975948                       |   27.231364                       |   25.134571                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   53.348568                       |    4.587374                       |    1.000396                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    29.872776                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    16.934182                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         46.806958                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.005246                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.106192      6.57%      6.57% |    0.105927      6.56%     13.13% |    0.103583      6.41%     19.54% |    0.103476      6.40%     25.94% |    0.275623     17.06%     43.00% |    0.270847     16.76%     59.77% |    0.275155     17.03%     76.80% |    0.270140     16.72%     93.52% |    0.026179      1.62%     95.14% |    0.026187      1.62%     96.76% |    0.026189      1.62%     98.38% |    0.026190      1.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.615688                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.040563                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.023667                       |    0.000000                       |    0.003757                       |    0.003842                       |    0.003782                       |    0.003850                       |    0.003798                       |    0.003843                       |    0.003747                       |    0.003789                       |    0.003747                       |    0.003777                       |    0.003790                       |    0.003788                       |    0.003745                       |    0.003765                       |    0.003803                       |    0.003801                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.007226                       |    0.004745                       |    0.004707                       |    0.004756                       |    0.004705                       |    0.004700                       |    0.004692                       |    0.004673                       |    0.004697                       |    0.004749                       |    0.004770                       |    0.004734                       |    0.004701                       |    0.004720                       |    0.004678                       |    0.004681                       |    0.004720                       |    0.004721                       |    0.004718                       |    0.004712                       |    0.004713                       |    0.005093                       |    0.004925                       |    0.004696                       |    0.004713                       |    0.004726                       |    0.004703                       |    0.004723                       |    0.004739                       |    0.004743                       |    0.004832                       |    0.004999                       |    0.017834                       |    0.017635                       |    0.017627                       |    0.017611                       |    0.000101                       |           0                       |    0.001664                       |    0.004077                       |    0.000149                       |    0.000152                       |    0.000150                       |    0.000153                       |    0.000152                       |    0.000156                       |    0.000151                       |    0.000150                       |    0.000149                       |    0.000148                       |    0.000151                       |    0.000150                       |    0.000148                       |    0.000150                       |    0.000151                       |    0.000154                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004723                       |    0.000103                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004814                       |    0.003574                       |    0.005393                       |    0.004712                       |    0.000151                       |    0.006285                       |    0.011123                       |    0.007669                       |           0                       |    0.004739                       |    0.011174                       |           0                       |    0.015677                       |    0.018602                       |    0.007677                       |    0.005393                       |    0.004729                       |    0.000149                       |    0.016405                       |    0.013130                       |    0.014314                       |    0.005402                       |    0.004767                       |    0.000152                       |    0.018469                       |    0.013332                       |    0.009105                       |           0                       |    0.004726                       |    0.010967                       |           0                       |    0.020839                       |    0.014576                       |    0.007685                       |    0.005399                       |    0.004736                       |    0.000148                       |    0.011434                       |    0.006239                       |    0.008463                       |           0                       |    0.004720                       |           0                       |    0.004713                       |    0.003582                       |           0                       |    0.005018                       |           0                       |    0.002115                       |    0.005093                       |    0.003297                       |    0.005400                       |    0.004731                       |    0.000150                       |    0.006246                       |    0.004958                       |    0.011500                       |    0.008877                       |    0.005396                       |    0.004718                       |    0.000150                       |    0.007770                       |    0.013154                       |    0.015245                       |    0.007503                       |    0.025372                       |    0.006501                       |    0.001664                       |    0.008435                       |    0.020216                       |    0.024089                       |    0.011086                       |    0.000001                       |    0.004744                       |    0.004077                       |    0.008508                       |    0.016946                       |    0.019068                       |    0.011113                       |    0.005403                       |    0.004702                       |    0.000153                       |    0.011649                       |    0.014490                       |    0.011600                       |    0.006163                       |    0.005402                       |    0.004710                       |    0.000151                       |    0.008472                       |    0.011411                       |    0.004506                       |    0.008237                       |           0                       |    0.004722                       |           0                       |    0.002063                       |    0.004726                       |    0.003164                       |           0                       |    0.004851                       |           0                       |    0.001898                       |    0.004925                       |    0.004236                       |    0.005397                       |    0.004765                       |    0.000149                       |    0.007258                       |    0.006306                       |    0.011333                       |    0.008391                       |           0                       |    0.004826                       |    0.010968                       |           0                       |    0.005906                       |    0.015683                       |    0.018736                       |    0.008424                       |    0.005396                       |    0.004707                       |    0.000152                       |    0.018302                       |    0.016408                       |    0.013146                       |    0.008480                       |    0.005402                       |    0.004696                       |    0.000156                       |    0.007949                       |    0.018604                       |    0.013341                       |    0.008487                       |           0                       |    0.004933                       |    0.010959                       |           0                       |    0.007293                       |    0.021028                       |    0.014606                       |    0.004261                       |    0.005401                       |    0.004718                       |    0.000150                       |    0.009458                       |    0.011400                       |    0.006266                       |    0.004257                       |           0                       |    0.004717                       |           0                       |    0.001861                       |    0.004703                       |    0.004246                       |           0                       |    0.004698                       |           0                       |    0.001382                       |    0.004696                       |    0.005402                       |    0.004687                       |    0.000148                       |    0.005450                       |    0.001844                       |    0.010999                       |    0.005398                       |    0.004688                       |    0.000150                       |    0.006840                       |    0.006871                       |    0.014680                       |    0.005402                       |    0.004719                       |    0.000151                       |    0.009523                       |    0.010609                       |    0.013464                       |    0.005408                       |    0.004716                       |    0.000154                       |    0.004675                       |    0.012034                       |    0.013064                       |           0                       |    0.004721                       |           0                       |    0.009566                       |    0.009424                       |    0.006773                       |           0                       |    0.004717                       |           0                       |    0.005446                       |    0.008442                       |    0.001861                       |           0                       |    0.004712                       |           0                       |    0.001396                       |    0.004723                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.615688                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         8956449                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      8956449                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       389945                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      6432739                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         5816516                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     90.420519                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          707737                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30141                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             15479917                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              86347                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            18964568                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            181240                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         15566264                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        19145808                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  34444485                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  267587                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              34712072                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits             10483709                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9641                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses         10493350                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                  10483709                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9641                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses              10493350                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                236100861                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     34615615                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               63222896                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             8956449                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      6524253                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             195904853                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          908016                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             142464                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       182522                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       301688                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3277                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       344295                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          10483041                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        230927                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3954                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    231948722                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.496232                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.711132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        209882950     90.49%     90.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1991868      0.86%     91.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          3036227      1.31%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           871455      0.38%     93.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          3072842      1.32%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          1438466      0.62%     94.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          3877662      1.67%     96.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           546067      0.24%     96.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          7231185      3.12%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    231948722                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.037935                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.267779                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         13376074                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     202818046                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6773416                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       8527171                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         454008                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      110611607                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         454008                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         16013233                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       124176512                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     13482885                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          12318000                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      65504077                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      108608811                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         68891                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        5909385                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents        1004660                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       56522688                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    119829755                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     244977488                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    160566545                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          137                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     106335596                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         13494157                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       363514                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       367071                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          52898165                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      8214068                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     19377180                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      2019415                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1748340                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          106660421                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       699709                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         111577142                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       326739                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10016160                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14630691                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       137035                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231948722                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481042                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.197966                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    185027637     79.77%     79.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     19664811      8.48%     88.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10550026      4.55%     92.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6085716      2.62%     95.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3658059      1.58%     97.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5044696      2.17%     99.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1084998      0.47%     99.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       472805      0.20%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       359974      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231948722                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          113386      9.71%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         913230     78.17%     87.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        141599     12.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       417198      0.37%      0.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      76490002     68.55%     68.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        52399      0.05%     68.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52160      0.05%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            9      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     15382481     13.79%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19182893     17.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      111577142                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.472583                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1168215                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.010470                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    456597798                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    117384881                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    102895606                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          162                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          234                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           54                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      112328075                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              84                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      2147739                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1471888                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2662                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         8954                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       741033                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1831                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      8956127                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         454008                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         6371992                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     111591012                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    107360130                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       108430                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       8214068                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19377180                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       690287                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         257497                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     111072893                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         8954                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       131491                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       330151                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       461642                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     110865033                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      15167388                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       445067                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             34144258                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          7514603                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           18976870                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.469566                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              103004290                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             102895660                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          53552513                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          81814960                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.435812                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.654556                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     10249753                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       562674                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       403931                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    230264768                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421360                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.284104                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192175093     83.46%     83.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16163209      7.02%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11026696      4.79%     95.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2592784      1.13%     96.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2354712      1.02%     97.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1024676      0.44%     97.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1155284      0.50%     98.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       622975      0.27%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3149339      1.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    230264768                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     54818607                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       97024422                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               25378326                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               6742179                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                6050                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            6989573                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 18                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          96366787                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       623451                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       178700      0.18%      0.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     71365348     73.55%     73.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        51116      0.05%     73.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50923      0.05%     73.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            9      0.00%     73.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     73.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     73.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     73.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     73.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     73.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     73.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     73.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     73.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     73.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      6742179      6.95%     80.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     18636147     19.21%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     97024422                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       3149339                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            334139073                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           216242915                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   87450                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4152139                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3545957                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            54818607                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              97024422                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.306947                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.306947                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.232183                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.232183                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        166551720                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        75729734                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                43                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               70                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          35403214                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         36900201                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        49444040                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         357569                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               7210239000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            7210238999.999990                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-5.36871e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+09-5.90558e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.90558e+09-6.44245e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+09-6.97932e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.97932e+09-7.51619e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::7.51619e+09-8.05306e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-9.12681e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.12681e+09-9.66368e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.66368e+09-1.02005e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.02005e+10-1.07374e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          512                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         5119                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      12357811                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        70.508219                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       41.757767                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      100.942907                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    12214455     98.84%     98.84% |      143089      1.16%    100.00% |         216      0.00%    100.00% |          41      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        12357811                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      14427120                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        30.033935                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       26.687197                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       16.385541                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    14389402     99.74%     99.74% |       33825      0.23%     99.97% |        2795      0.02%     99.99% |         970      0.01%    100.00% |         118      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        14427120                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size           16                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket          159                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        533466                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        26.808398                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       24.643961                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev       10.479379                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |       68395     12.82%     12.82% |      285358     53.49%     66.31% |      161400     30.25%     96.57% |       17914      3.36%     99.93% |         390      0.07%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          533466                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          9220020                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean          133.109888                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean          11.399089                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         336.125051                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     8961719     97.20%     97.20% |      212303      2.30%     99.50% |       33996      0.37%     99.87% |        8551      0.09%     99.96% |        2451      0.03%     99.99% |         683      0.01%    100.00% |         236      0.00%    100.00% |          57      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            9220020                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      6499447                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000940                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000800                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.032607                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6493669     99.91%     99.91% |        5507      0.08%    100.00% |         220      0.00%    100.00% |          41      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        6499447                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples      2720573                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     443.940074                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    276.447747                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    495.814647                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |     2462272     90.51%     90.51% |      212303      7.80%     98.31% |       33996      1.25%     99.56% |        8551      0.31%     99.87% |        2451      0.09%     99.96% |         683      0.03%     99.99% |         236      0.01%    100.00% |          57      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total       2720573                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         20479                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         19617400                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           46.147376                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.444034                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         219.067874                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    19569491     99.76%     99.76% |       44981      0.23%     99.99% |        2720      0.01%    100.00% |         197      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           19617400                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     17991218                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000124                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000104                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.012528                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    17989282     99.99%     99.99% |        1645      0.01%    100.00% |         288      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       17991218                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1626182                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     523.505758                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    343.289249                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    574.862838                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |     1578273     97.05%     97.05% |       44981      2.77%     99.82% |        2720      0.17%     99.99% |         197      0.01%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1626182                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples     10476609                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.041950                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.119869                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      12.400314                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |    10476147    100.00%    100.00% |         396      0.00%    100.00% |          42      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total       10476609                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples     10350114                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000311                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    10350113    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total     10350114                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       126495                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    89.296692                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    76.975598                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    73.336503                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      126033     99.63%     99.63% |         396      0.31%     99.95% |          42      0.03%     99.98% |          16      0.01%     99.99% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       126495                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       278530                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     10.974922                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.867580                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    36.275582                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      273461     98.18%     98.18% |        3850      1.38%     99.56% |        1011      0.36%     99.93% |          93      0.03%     99.96% |          56      0.02%     99.98% |          50      0.02%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       278530                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       257701                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000392                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000338                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.019793                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      257600     99.96%     99.96% |         101      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       257701                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        20829                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   109.637573                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    89.477289                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    84.118427                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       15760     75.66%     75.66% |        3850     18.48%     94.15% |        1011      4.85%     99.00% |          93      0.45%     99.45% |          56      0.27%     99.72% |          50      0.24%     99.96% |           8      0.04%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        20829                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     7.022901                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.514973                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    22.015516                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         622     94.96%     94.96% |          22      3.36%     98.32% |           5      0.76%     99.08% |           0      0.00%     99.08% |           0      0.00%     99.08% |           4      0.61%     99.69% |           0      0.00%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          622                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         622    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          622                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           33                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    82.848485                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    69.616530                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    60.514007                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          22     66.67%     66.67% |           5     15.15%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     12.12%     93.94% |           0      0.00%     93.94% |           1      3.03%     96.97% |           1      3.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           33                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         655    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         655    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          655                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks       313744                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time     13948544                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        84924                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    29749                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    54907                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    29852                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    55354                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    29834                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    54984                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    29877                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    55441                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                    29904                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                    55640                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   30093                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   55235                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                   29615                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                   55062                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                   29863                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   55142                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                   29623                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                   55707                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                   29900                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                   55409                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                   29902                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                   55182                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                   29889                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                   55158                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_hits                   29612                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_hits                   55187                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_hits                   29627                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_hits                   55384                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_hits                   29725                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_hits                   55330                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_hits                   29844                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_hits                   55109                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                  42475                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                  89509                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                  42372                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                  89062                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                  42390                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                  89432                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                  42347                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                  88975                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                  42320                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                  88776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                 42131                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                 89181                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                 42609                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                 89354                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                 42361                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                 89274                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                 42601                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                 88709                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                 42324                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                 89007                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                 42322                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                 89234                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                 42335                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                 89258                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_misses                 42612                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_misses                 89229                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_misses                 42597                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_misses                 89032                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_misses                 42499                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_misses                 89086                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_misses                 42380                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_misses                 89307                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                    45304                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                    85612                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    45081                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                    85219                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                    45146                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                    85452                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                    45140                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                    84902                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                    45145                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                    84752                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                   44906                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                   84921                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                   45398                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                   85080                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                   45235                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                   85343                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                   45420                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                   84833                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                   45297                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                   85189                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                   45152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                   85205                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                   45290                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                   85297                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshrhits                   45370                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshrhits                   85333                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshrhits                   45363                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshrhits                   85083                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshrhits                   45317                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshrhits                   85066                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshrhits                   45065                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshrhits                   85061                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses               144416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses               144416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses               144416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses               144416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses                72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses               144416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses              144416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses              144416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses              144416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses              144416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses              144416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses              144416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses              144416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_accesses              144416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_accesses              144416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_accesses              144416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_accesses              144416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 3916028                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                 9435492                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                 3901190                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                 9405518                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                 3903174                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                 9422441                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                 3888474                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                 9340990                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                 3920036                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                 9334691                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles                3922763                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles                9351679                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles                3967885                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles                9432952                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles                3951808                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles               40245391                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles               34756703                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles               40221369                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles               34770178                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles               40227171                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles               34750933                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles               40258619                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles               34746011                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles               40246205                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlbCycles               34791472                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlbCycles               40273303                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlbCycles               34805362                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlbCycles               40259789                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlbCycles               34796364                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlbCycles               40243154                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlbCycles               34748984                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlbCycles               40268404                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   41504                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                  113696                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   41504                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                  113696                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   41504                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                  113696                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   41504                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                  113693                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                   41504                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                  113696                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                  41504                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                 113695                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                  41504                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                 113696                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                  41504                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                 113696                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                  41504                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                 113696                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                  41504                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                 113696                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                  41504                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                 113691                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                  41504                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                 113696                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_reads                  41504                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_reads                 113696                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_reads                  41504                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_reads                 113696                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_reads                  41504                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_reads                 113696                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_reads                  41504                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_reads                 113696                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  30723                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                  30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                  30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                 30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 30721                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                 30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                 30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                 30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                 30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                 30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                 30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                 30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                 30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                 30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                 30725                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                 30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                 30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_writes                 30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_writes                 30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_writes                 30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_writes                 30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_writes                 30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_writes                 30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_writes                 30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_writes                 30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                17618                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                43507                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                17692                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                43780                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                17515                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                43649                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                17751                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                43877                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                17644                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                44061                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits               17564                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               43558                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits               17401                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits               43533                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits               17536                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits               43582                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits               17480                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits               44360                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits               17689                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits               43988                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits               17635                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits               43789                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits               17588                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits               43664                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readhits               17529                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readhits               43708                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readhits               17548                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readhits               43814                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readhits               17405                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readhits               43810                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readhits               17715                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readhits               43605                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses              23886                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses              70189                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses              23812                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses              69916                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses              23989                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses              70047                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses              23753                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses              69816                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses              23860                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses              69635                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses             23940                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses             70137                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses             24103                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses             70163                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses             23968                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses             70114                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses             24024                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses             69336                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses             23815                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses             69708                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses             23869                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses             69902                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses             23916                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses             70032                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readmisses             23975                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readmisses             69988                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readmisses             23956                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readmisses             69882                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readmisses             24099                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readmisses             69886                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readmisses             23789                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readmisses             70091                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               12131                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               11400                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               12160                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               11574                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits               12319                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               11335                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               12126                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               11564                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits               12260                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits               11579                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits              12529                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits              11677                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits              12214                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits              11529                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits              12327                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits              11560                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits              12143                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits              11347                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits              12211                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits              11421                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits              12267                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits              11393                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits              12301                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits              11494                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writehits              12083                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writehits              11479                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writehits              12079                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writehits              11570                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writehits              12320                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writehits              11520                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writehits              12129                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writehits              11504                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses             18589                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses             19320                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses             18560                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses             19146                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses             18401                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses             19385                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses             18594                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses             19159                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses             18460                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses             19141                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses            18191                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses            19044                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses            18506                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses            19191                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses            18393                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses            19160                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses            18577                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses            19373                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses            18509                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses            19299                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses            18453                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses            19332                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses            18419                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses            19226                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writemisses            18637                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writemisses            19241                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writemisses            18641                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writemisses            19150                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writemisses            18400                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writemisses            19200                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writemisses            18591                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writemisses            19216                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                4439564                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                9817178                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                4411857                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                9799820                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                4415820                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                9817462                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                4422977                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                9742861                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                4427474                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                9743685                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles               4455038                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               9743727                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               4485764                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               9824555                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles               4485491                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               9804941                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles               4489745                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles               9821967                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles               4478802                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles               9821773                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles               4467404                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles               9836793                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles               4481540                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               9839515                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.job_cycles               4497642                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.job_cycles               9852586                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.job_cycles               4494765                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.job_cycles               9837736                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.job_cycles               4488489                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.job_cycles               9837060                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.job_cycles               4493178                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.job_cycles               9838574                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                     192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                     192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               4148389                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               9399218                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               4096950                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               9414957                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               4104225                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               9379074                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               4106726                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               9360355                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               4116747                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles               9359753                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles              4140116                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              9358398                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              4165649                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              9391336                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              4168988                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              9394772                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles              4132671                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles              9375689                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles              4126546                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles              9372054                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles              4123110                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles              9352868                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles              4124315                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              9356725                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_cycles              4120857                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_cycles              9363420                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_cycles              4133785                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_cycles              9362108                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_cycles              4128564                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_cycles              9355951                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_cycles              4138788                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_cycles              9357415                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles            1048768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles            1966272                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles            1048768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles            1966272                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles            1048768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles            1966272                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles            1048768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles            1966272                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles            1048768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles            1966272                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles           1048768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles           1966272                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles           1048768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles           1966272                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles           1048768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles           1966272                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles           1048768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles           1966272                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles           1048768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles           1966272                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles           1048768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles           1966272                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles           1048768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles           1966272                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_cycles           1048922                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_cycles           1966272                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_cycles           1048768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_cycles           1966272                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_cycles           1048768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_cycles           1966272                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_cycles           1048768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_cycles           1966272                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              2110186                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              2369176                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              2128032                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              2232195                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              2142598                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              2381567                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              2147301                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              2226443                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles              2105507                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles              2223139                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles             2093233                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles             2238407                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles             2040755                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles             2365593                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles             2034766                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles             2317968                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles             2067888                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles             2355331                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles             2025718                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles             2351338                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles             2018896                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles             2427837                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles             2045321                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles             2472211                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_cycles             2133861                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_cycles             2317289                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_cycles             2136398                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_cycles             2431097                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_cycles             2063416                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_cycles             2468722                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_cycles             2079218                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_cycles             2438038                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          4148389                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          9399218                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          4096950                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          9414957                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          4104225                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          9379074                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          4106726                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          9360355                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          4116747                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time          9359753                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time         4140116                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         9358398                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         4165649                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         9391336                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         4168988                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         9394772                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time         4132671                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time         9375689                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time         4126546                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time         9372054                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time         4123110                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time         9352868                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time         4124315                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         9356725                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_action_time         4120857                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_action_time         9363420                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_action_time         4133785                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_action_time         9362108                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_action_time         4128564                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_action_time         9355951                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_action_time         4138788                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_action_time         9357415                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time       1048768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time       1966272                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time       1048768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time       1966272                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time       1048768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time       1966272                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time       1048768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time       1966272                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time       1048768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time       1966272                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time      1048768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time      1966272                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time      1048768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time      1966272                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time      1048768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time      1966272                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time      1048768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time      1966272                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time      1048768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time      1966272                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time      1048768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time      1966272                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time      1048768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time      1966272                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_action_time      1048765                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_action_time      1966272                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_action_time      1048768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_action_time      1966272                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_action_time      1048768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_action_time      1966272                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_action_time      1048768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_action_time      1966272                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         2110186                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         2369176                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         2128032                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         2232195                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         2142598                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         2381567                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         2147301                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         2226443                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time         2105507                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time         2223139                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time        2093233                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time        2238407                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time        2040755                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time        2365593                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time        2034766                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time        2317968                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time        2067888                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time        2355331                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time        2025718                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time        2351338                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time        2018896                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time        2427837                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time        2045321                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time        2472211                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_action_time        2133861                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_action_time        2317289                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_action_time        2104958                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_action_time        2431097                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_action_time        2063416                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_action_time        2468722                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_action_time        2079218                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_action_time        2438038                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            4308468                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            9571394                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            4280761                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            9554036                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            4284724                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            9571678                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            4291881                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            9497077                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            4296378                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time            9497901                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time           4323942                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           9497943                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           4354668                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           9578771                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           4354395                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           9559157                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time           4358649                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time           9576183                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time           4347706                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time           9575989                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time           4336308                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time           9591009                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time           4350444                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           9593731                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.rw_action_time           4380900                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.rw_action_time           9606802                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.rw_action_time           4380056                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.rw_action_time           9591952                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.rw_action_time           4357393                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.rw_action_time           9591276                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.rw_action_time           4362082                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.rw_action_time           9592790                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         225273807                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         227533183                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         225273803                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         227533179                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         225273809                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         227533185                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         225273805                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         227533181                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         225273814                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         227533190                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        225273810                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        227533186                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        225273826                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        227533202                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        225273822                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        227533198                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles        225273831                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles        227533207                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles        225273827                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles        227533203                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles        225273823                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles        227533199                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles        225273829                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles        227533205                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_idle_cycles        225273843                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_idle_cycles        227533219                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_idle_cycles        225273839                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_idle_cycles        227533215                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_idle_cycles        225273835                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_idle_cycles        227533211                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_idle_cycles        225273831                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_idle_cycles        227533207                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          4397899                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles         12071998                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          9468026                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles         12038664                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          9466621                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles         12037934                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          9496036                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles         12066064                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          9504523                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles         12038524                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         9529977                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles        12064950                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         9520996                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         9813581                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         9531606                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         9793841                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles         9536608                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles        12090707                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles         9532443                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles        12088456                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles         9511593                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles        12089275                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles         9530109                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles        12090407                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_stall_cycles         9538651                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_stall_cycles        12061630                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_stall_cycles         9522333                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_stall_cycles        12092679                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_stall_cycles         9512261                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_stall_cycles        12092199                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_stall_cycles         9515145                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_stall_cycles        12060815                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0              6484                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0             12986                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0              6513                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0             12977                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0              6536                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0             12973                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0              6418                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0             13138                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0              6536                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0             13151                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0             6584                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0            13319                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0             6564                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0            13319                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0             6518                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0            13055                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0             6523                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0            12923                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0             6398                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0            12878                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0             6504                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0            13044                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0             6399                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0            13061                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_0             6505                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_0            13061                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_0             6535                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_0            13194                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_0             6584                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_0            13188                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_0             6541                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_0            13335                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              2818                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              2311                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              2938                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              2440                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              3027                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              2342                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              2915                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              2499                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1              2899                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              2452                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             3170                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             2618                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             2861                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             2484                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             2935                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             2436                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1             2801                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1             2300                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1             2840                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1             2361                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1             2933                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1             2378                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1             2947                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1             2394                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_1             2820                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_1             2314                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_1             2778                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_1             2325                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_1             2918                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_1             2352                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_1             2903                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_1             2415                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              3672                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              7410                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              3883                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              7584                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              3584                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2              7531                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              3804                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              7822                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2              3683                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              7744                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             3820                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2             7752                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             3440                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2             7603                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             3490                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             7500                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2             3392                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2             7661                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2             3546                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             7540                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2             3679                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2             7615                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2             3458                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2             7586                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_2             3317                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_2             7384                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_2             3526                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_2             7672                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_2             3492                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_2             7714                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_2             3793                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_2             7845                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles         3051722                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles         8626259                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles         3101311                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles         8623689                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles         3068747                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles         8654363                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles         3060399                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles         8585912                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles         3088866                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles         8606173                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles        3110761                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles        8594188                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles        3086050                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles        8675873                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles        3072575                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles        8606736                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles        3104903                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles        8644227                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles        3068545                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles        8607825                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles        3077340                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles        8647547                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles        3028022                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles        8639460                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshr_stall_cycles        3089232                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshr_stall_cycles        8594070                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshr_stall_cycles        3089182                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshr_stall_cycles        8674180                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshr_stall_cycles        3115272                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshr_stall_cycles        8662988                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshr_stall_cycles        3062538                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshr_stall_cycles        8689214                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      712574     25.22%     25.22% |      704701     24.94%     50.16% |      704359     24.93%     75.09% |      703750     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      2825384                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      313689     25.51%     25.51% |      305236     24.82%     50.33% |      305462     24.84%     75.18% |      305234     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      1229621                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      712599     25.22%     25.22% |      704701     24.94%     50.16% |      704358     24.93%     75.09% |      703749     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      2825407                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      319547     25.50%     25.50% |      311107     24.83%     50.33% |      311333     24.85%     75.17% |      311104     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1253091                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           80                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6048     25.00%     25.00% |        6048     25.00%     50.00% |        6048     25.00%     75.00% |        6048     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24192                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      390693     25.00%     25.00% |      391273     25.03%     50.03% |      390706     25.00%     75.03% |      390324     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total      1562996                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      712574     25.22%     25.22% |      704701     24.94%     50.16% |      704359     24.93%     75.09% |      703750     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      2825384                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5858     24.96%     24.96% |        5871     25.01%     49.97% |        5871     25.01%     74.99% |        5871     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23471                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5858     24.96%     24.96% |        5871     25.01%     49.97% |        5871     25.01%     74.99% |        5871     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23471                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      313444     25.51%     25.51% |      305059     24.82%     50.33% |      305285     24.84%     75.18% |      305057     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      1228845                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         190     26.35%     26.35% |         177     24.55%     50.90% |         177     24.55%     75.45% |         177     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          721                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      390693     25.00%     25.00% |      391273     25.03%     50.03% |      390706     25.00%     75.03% |      390324     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total      1562996                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      712574     25.22%     25.22% |      704701     24.94%     50.16% |      704358     24.93%     75.09% |      703749     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      2825382                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      313444     25.51%     25.51% |      305059     24.82%     50.33% |      305285     24.84%     75.18% |      305056     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      1228844                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         190     26.35%     26.35% |         177     24.55%     50.90% |         177     24.55%     75.45% |         177     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          721                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         190     26.35%     26.35% |         177     24.55%     50.90% |         177     24.55%     75.45% |         177     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          721                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24192                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24192                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24192                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24192                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     6742029     73.09%     73.09% |          34      0.00%     73.09% |      155136      1.68%     74.77% |      155136      1.68%     76.45% |      155136      1.68%     78.14% |      155136      1.68%     79.82% |      155136      1.68%     81.50% |      155136      1.68%     83.18% |      155136      1.68%     84.86% |      155136      1.68%     86.54% |      155142      1.68%     88.23% |      155147      1.68%     89.91% |      155144      1.68%     91.59% |      155137      1.68%     93.27% |      155152      1.68%     94.95% |      155142      1.68%     96.64% |      155146      1.68%     98.32% |      155145      1.68%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      9224306                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    10476652    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total     10476652                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    18917573     95.06%     95.06% |           0      0.00%     95.06% |       61440      0.31%     95.37% |       61440      0.31%     95.68% |       61440      0.31%     95.99% |       61440      0.31%     96.30% |       61440      0.31%     96.60% |       61440      0.31%     96.91% |       61440      0.31%     97.22% |       61440      0.31%     97.53% |       61440      0.31%     97.84% |       61440      0.31%     98.15% |       61442      0.31%     98.46% |       61444      0.31%     98.77% |       61440      0.31%     99.07% |       61440      0.31%     99.38% |       61440      0.31%     99.69% |       61440      0.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     19900619                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       31771      6.76%      6.76% |          34      0.01%      6.77% |       26706      5.68%     12.45% |       27653      5.88%     18.33% |       27575      5.87%     24.20% |       26980      5.74%     29.94% |       26804      5.70%     35.64% |       27384      5.83%     41.47% |       27468      5.84%     47.31% |       23284      4.95%     52.27% |       28305      6.02%     58.29% |       28959      6.16%     64.45% |       28488      6.06%     70.51% |       30603      6.51%     77.03% |       24849      5.29%     82.31% |       29714      6.32%     88.63% |       28958      6.16%     94.80% |       24458      5.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       469993                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1029749     22.13%     22.13% |           0      0.00%     22.13% |      226448      4.87%     26.99% |      226575      4.87%     31.86% |      226703      4.87%     36.73% |      226079      4.86%     41.59% |      226117      4.86%     46.45% |      226425      4.87%     51.32% |      226224      4.86%     56.18% |      226904      4.88%     61.05% |      226247      4.86%     65.92% |      226496      4.87%     70.78% |      226436      4.87%     75.65% |      227103      4.88%     80.53% |      227063      4.88%     85.41% |      226269      4.86%     90.27% |      226104      4.86%     95.13% |      226674      4.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      4653616                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           5      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |        3302      5.20%      5.21% |        5330      8.40%     13.61% |        4005      6.31%     19.92% |        5539      8.73%     28.64% |        4521      7.12%     35.77% |        5482      8.64%     44.40% |        3118      4.91%     49.32% |        3677      5.79%     55.11% |        2923      4.61%     59.71% |        3925      6.18%     65.90% |        3998      6.30%     72.20% |        4110      6.48%     78.67% |        2120      3.34%     82.01% |        3536      5.57%     87.58% |        4289      6.76%     94.34% |        3593      5.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        63473                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      239655     10.10%     10.10% |          29      0.00%     10.10% |      133491      5.63%     15.73% |      133854      5.64%     21.37% |      132340      5.58%     26.95% |      134205      5.66%     32.61% |      131810      5.56%     38.16% |      133219      5.62%     43.78% |      132055      5.57%     49.34% |      136789      5.77%     55.11% |      132311      5.58%     60.69% |      130593      5.50%     66.19% |      132493      5.58%     71.78% |      131405      5.54%     77.32% |      137320      5.79%     83.10% |      130415      5.50%     88.60% |      132597      5.59%     94.19% |      137831      5.81%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      2372412                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.01%      0.01% |        3885      6.12%      6.13% |        3291      5.18%     11.31% |        3750      5.91%     17.22% |        2848      4.49%     21.71% |        3634      5.73%     27.43% |        3015      4.75%     32.18% |        4276      6.74%     38.92% |        2930      4.62%     43.54% |        4617      7.27%     50.81% |        4245      6.69%     57.50% |        4138      6.52%     64.02% |        3975      6.26%     70.28% |        5424      8.55%     78.83% |        5219      8.22%     87.05% |        4352      6.86%     93.90% |        3869      6.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        63473                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      792334     38.50%     38.50% |           0      0.00%     38.50% |       78906      3.83%     42.33% |       79172      3.85%     46.18% |       80219      3.90%     50.07% |       79261      3.85%     53.93% |       80885      3.93%     57.86% |       80093      3.89%     61.75% |       80015      3.89%     65.63% |       76592      3.72%     69.36% |       79496      3.86%     73.22% |       81608      3.97%     77.18% |       79840      3.88%     81.06% |       81082      3.94%     85.00% |       73694      3.58%     88.58% |       80779      3.92%     92.51% |       79468      3.86%     96.37% |       74765      3.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      2058209                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      888639     23.50%     23.50% |           0      0.00%     23.50% |      181051      4.79%     28.29% |      179905      4.76%     33.05% |      179892      4.76%     37.81% |      180615      4.78%     42.59% |      180088      4.76%     47.35% |      179988      4.76%     52.11% |      180147      4.76%     56.88% |      185618      4.91%     61.78% |      180125      4.76%     66.55% |      178710      4.73%     71.28% |      179850      4.76%     76.03% |      177347      4.69%     80.72% |      185474      4.91%     85.63% |      178363      4.72%     90.35% |      179314      4.74%     95.09% |      185642      4.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      3780768                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      228018      8.42%      8.42% |          17      0.00%      8.42% |      155000      5.72%     14.15% |      154980      5.72%     19.87% |      154982      5.72%     25.59% |      154991      5.72%     31.32% |      154986      5.72%     37.04% |      154992      5.72%     42.77% |      154988      5.72%     48.49% |      154964      5.72%     54.21% |      154934      5.72%     59.94% |      154956      5.72%     65.66% |      154992      5.72%     71.38% |      154989      5.72%     77.11% |      154962      5.72%     82.83% |      154963      5.72%     88.56% |      154930      5.72%     94.28% |      154946      5.72%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      2707590                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122872    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122872                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      664995     40.38%     40.38% |           0      0.00%     40.38% |       61232      3.72%     44.10% |       61315      3.72%     47.82% |       61266      3.72%     51.54% |       61269      3.72%     55.26% |       61307      3.72%     58.99% |       61313      3.72%     62.71% |       61316      3.72%     66.43% |       61310      3.72%     70.16% |       61436      3.73%     73.89% |       61440      3.73%     77.62% |       61437      3.73%     81.35% |       61427      3.73%     85.08% |       61427      3.73%     88.81% |       61404      3.73%     92.54% |       61428      3.73%     96.27% |       61430      3.73%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1646752                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11159      4.55%      4.55% |           0      0.00%      4.55% |       13956      5.69%     10.23% |       15364      6.26%     16.49% |       15039      6.13%     22.62% |       15321      6.24%     28.86% |       16270      6.63%     35.49% |       16220      6.61%     42.10% |       14807      6.03%     48.14% |       11832      4.82%     52.96% |       14643      5.97%     58.92% |       16304      6.64%     65.57% |       15008      6.12%     71.68% |       15596      6.35%     78.04% |       10926      4.45%     82.49% |       16294      6.64%     89.13% |       15279      6.23%     95.35% |       11403      4.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total       245421                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       12329     94.96%     94.96% |          17      0.13%     95.09% |          50      0.39%     95.48% |          22      0.17%     95.65% |          21      0.16%     95.81% |          25      0.19%     96.00% |          23      0.18%     96.18% |          15      0.12%     96.30% |          27      0.21%     96.50% |          21      0.16%     96.66% |          54      0.42%     97.08% |          50      0.39%     97.47% |          42      0.32%     97.79% |          46      0.35%     98.14% |          49      0.38%     98.52% |          45      0.35%     98.87% |          59      0.45%     99.32% |          88      0.68%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total        12983                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        3625    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         3625                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |         152     55.47%     55.47% |           0      0.00%     55.47% |           0      0.00%     55.47% |           0      0.00%     55.47% |          40     14.60%     70.07% |          29     10.58%     80.66% |          13      4.74%     85.40% |           7      2.55%     87.96% |          15      5.47%     93.43% |          16      5.84%     99.27% |           0      0.00%     99.27% |           0      0.00%     99.27% |           0      0.00%     99.27% |           0      0.00%     99.27% |           0      0.00%     99.27% |           1      0.36%     99.64% |           0      0.00%     99.64% |           1      0.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total          274                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        3750      1.84%      1.84% |           0      0.00%      1.84% |       12509      6.12%      7.96% |       12090      5.92%     13.87% |       12310      6.02%     19.90% |       11462      5.61%     25.51% |       10359      5.07%     30.58% |       10992      5.38%     35.96% |       12442      6.09%     42.05% |       11277      5.52%     47.56% |       13440      6.58%     54.14% |       12445      6.09%     60.23% |       13278      6.50%     66.73% |       14787      7.24%     73.97% |       13737      6.72%     80.69% |       13211      6.47%     87.15% |       13454      6.58%     93.74% |       12794      6.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total       204337                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       24988     98.35%     98.35% |           0      0.00%     98.35% |           0      0.00%     98.35% |          31      0.12%     98.47% |          32      0.13%     98.59% |          32      0.13%     98.72% |          29      0.11%     98.84% |          30      0.12%     98.95% |          32      0.13%     99.08% |          32      0.13%     99.20% |           7      0.03%     99.23% |          27      0.11%     99.34% |          24      0.09%     99.43% |          14      0.06%     99.49% |          32      0.13%     99.61% |          34      0.13%     99.75% |          42      0.17%     99.91% |          22      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        25408                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    10350114    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     10350114                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        4648      8.79%      8.79% |           5      0.01%      8.80% |        2564      4.85%     13.65% |        2540      4.80%     18.45% |        2975      5.63%     24.08% |        2516      4.76%     28.84% |        2237      4.23%     33.07% |        2309      4.37%     37.43% |        2727      5.16%     42.59% |        2857      5.40%     47.99% |        3173      6.00%     53.99% |        3460      6.54%     60.54% |        3590      6.79%     67.33% |        3815      7.21%     74.54% |        3065      5.80%     80.34% |        3702      7.00%     87.34% |        3450      6.52%     93.86% |        3246      6.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        52879                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122472     25.36%     25.36% |           0      0.00%     25.36% |       22160      4.59%     29.95% |       23788      4.93%     34.88% |       23534      4.87%     39.75% |       23671      4.90%     44.65% |       25334      5.25%     49.90% |       24813      5.14%     55.04% |       23203      4.81%     59.84% |       18867      3.91%     63.75% |       22293      4.62%     68.37% |       24729      5.12%     73.49% |       22789      4.72%     78.21% |       23770      4.92%     83.13% |       16666      3.45%     86.58% |       24281      5.03%     91.61% |       23078      4.78%     96.39% |       17428      3.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       482876                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     3166314     99.95%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |          86      0.00%     99.95% |         103      0.00%     99.96% |         101      0.00%     99.96% |          88      0.00%     99.96% |          98      0.00%     99.97% |          99      0.00%     99.97% |          89      0.00%     99.97% |         119      0.00%     99.98% |         141      0.00%     99.98% |         103      0.00%     99.98% |          78      0.00%     99.99% |          87      0.00%     99.99% |          93      0.00%     99.99% |          94      0.00%     99.99% |         105      0.00%    100.00% |          80      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      3167878                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       38448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        38448                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |       15539     12.79%     12.79% |          29      0.02%     12.81% |        6714      5.53%     18.34% |        6467      5.32%     23.66% |        6397      5.26%     28.93% |        6094      5.02%     33.94% |        5653      4.65%     38.59% |        5961      4.91%     43.50% |        6830      5.62%     49.12% |        5559      4.58%     53.69% |        7355      6.05%     59.75% |        6253      5.15%     64.89% |        7001      5.76%     70.66% |        7648      6.29%     76.95% |        7610      6.26%     83.21% |        6538      5.38%     88.59% |        7145      5.88%     94.47% |        6714      5.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total       121507                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      185465      8.64%      8.64% |           0      0.00%      8.64% |      123327      5.75%     14.39% |      121919      5.68%     20.07% |      121802      5.67%     25.74% |      122439      5.70%     31.44% |      121488      5.66%     37.10% |      121621      5.67%     42.77% |      121962      5.68%     48.45% |      127397      5.94%     54.39% |      121902      5.68%     60.07% |      120289      5.60%     65.67% |      121367      5.65%     71.32% |      119526      5.57%     76.89% |      127375      5.93%     82.83% |      120217      5.60%     88.43% |      121044      5.64%     94.07% |      127389      5.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      2146529                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3272      5.23%      5.23% |        5287      8.45%     13.68% |        3958      6.33%     20.00% |        5488      8.77%     28.77% |        4482      7.16%     35.94% |        5401      8.63%     44.57% |        3085      4.93%     49.50% |        3633      5.81%     55.30% |        2867      4.58%     59.89% |        3859      6.17%     66.05% |        3923      6.27%     72.32% |        4036      6.45%     78.77% |        2073      3.31%     82.09% |        3467      5.54%     87.63% |        4214      6.73%     94.36% |        3529      5.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        62574                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     3306161    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      3306161                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    18210587     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |         208      0.00%     99.99% |         125      0.00%    100.00% |         134      0.00%    100.00% |         142      0.00%    100.00% |         120      0.00%    100.00% |         120      0.00%    100.00% |         109      0.00%    100.00% |         114      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     18211748                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         423      0.86%      0.86% |           0      0.00%      0.86% |        3403      6.92%      7.78% |        3225      6.56%     14.34% |        3111      6.33%     20.67% |        3017      6.14%     26.81% |        2615      5.32%     32.13% |        2847      5.79%     37.92% |        3040      6.18%     44.11% |        3001      6.10%     50.21% |        3058      6.22%     56.43% |        2864      5.83%     62.26% |        2799      5.69%     67.95% |        3451      7.02%     74.97% |        3173      6.45%     81.43% |        3104      6.31%     87.74% |        3003      6.11%     93.85% |        3023      6.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        49157                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      703174     43.03%     43.03% |           0      0.00%     43.03% |       57724      3.53%     46.56% |       57986      3.55%     50.11% |       58090      3.55%     53.66% |       58176      3.56%     57.22% |       58600      3.59%     60.81% |       58367      3.57%     64.38% |       58185      3.56%     67.94% |       58221      3.56%     71.50% |       58223      3.56%     75.07% |       58421      3.57%     78.64% |       58483      3.58%     82.22% |       57821      3.54%     85.76% |       58099      3.56%     89.31% |       58146      3.56%     92.87% |       58270      3.57%     96.44% |       58253      3.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1634239                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4      8.51%      8.51% |           1      2.13%     10.64% |           0      0.00%     10.64% |           0      0.00%     10.64% |           2      4.26%     14.89% |           9     19.15%     34.04% |           3      6.38%     40.43% |           7     14.89%     55.32% |           2      4.26%     59.57% |           3      6.38%     65.96% |           5     10.64%     76.60% |           3      6.38%     82.98% |           2      4.26%     87.23% |           3      6.38%     93.62% |           0      0.00%     93.62% |           3      6.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv::total           47                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |       12258     12.83%     12.83% |           0      0.00%     12.83% |        5175      5.42%     18.24% |        5202      5.44%     23.69% |        5538      5.80%     29.48% |        5058      5.29%     34.78% |        4900      5.13%     39.91% |        4984      5.22%     45.12% |        5095      5.33%     50.45% |        5495      5.75%     56.20% |        5104      5.34%     61.55% |        5066      5.30%     66.85% |        5150      5.39%     72.24% |        5522      5.78%     78.02% |        5883      6.16%     84.17% |        5349      5.60%     89.77% |        4457      4.66%     94.44% |        5317      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total        95553                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      239655     10.10%     10.10% |          29      0.00%     10.10% |      133489      5.63%     15.73% |      133854      5.64%     21.37% |      132340      5.58%     26.95% |      134205      5.66%     32.61% |      131809      5.56%     38.16% |      133211      5.62%     43.78% |      132053      5.57%     49.34% |      136785      5.77%     55.11% |      132310      5.58%     60.69% |      130592      5.50%     66.19% |      132492      5.58%     71.78% |      131403      5.54%     77.32% |      137319      5.79%     83.10% |      130413      5.50%     88.60% |      132597      5.59%     94.19% |      137828      5.81%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      2372384                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.01%      0.01% |        3885      6.12%      6.13% |        3291      5.18%     11.31% |        3750      5.91%     17.22% |        2848      4.49%     21.71% |        3634      5.73%     27.43% |        3015      4.75%     32.18% |        4276      6.74%     38.92% |        2930      4.62%     43.54% |        4617      7.27%     50.81% |        4245      6.69%     57.50% |        4138      6.52%     64.02% |        3975      6.26%     70.28% |        5424      8.55%     78.83% |        5219      8.22%     87.05% |        4352      6.86%     93.90% |        3869      6.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        63473                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      127187     30.93%     30.93% |           0      0.00%     30.93% |       17672      4.30%     35.23% |       17856      4.34%     39.57% |       18913      4.60%     44.17% |       17963      4.37%     48.54% |       19564      4.76%     53.30% |       18772      4.57%     57.87% |       18683      4.54%     62.41% |       15263      3.71%     66.12% |       18059      4.39%     70.51% |       20166      4.90%     75.42% |       18399      4.47%     79.89% |       19654      4.78%     84.67% |       12266      2.98%     87.66% |       19373      4.71%     92.37% |       18040      4.39%     96.76% |       13334      3.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       411164                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |        2630      2.92%      2.92% |           0      0.00%      2.92% |        5553      6.16%      9.08% |        5590      6.21%     15.29% |        5429      6.03%     21.32% |        5273      5.85%     27.17% |        5436      6.03%     33.21% |        5645      6.27%     39.47% |        5337      5.92%     45.40% |        5646      6.27%     51.67% |        5285      5.87%     57.53% |        5546      6.16%     63.69% |        5368      5.96%     69.65% |        5677      6.30%     75.95% |        5303      5.89%     81.84% |        5065      5.62%     87.46% |        5801      6.44%     93.90% |        5493      6.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total        90077                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      665147     40.38%     40.38% |           0      0.00%     40.38% |       61232      3.72%     44.10% |       61315      3.72%     47.83% |       61306      3.72%     51.55% |       61298      3.72%     55.27% |       61320      3.72%     58.99% |       61320      3.72%     62.72% |       61331      3.72%     66.44% |       61326      3.72%     70.16% |       61436      3.73%     73.89% |       61440      3.73%     77.62% |       61437      3.73%     81.35% |       61427      3.73%     85.08% |       61427      3.73%     88.81% |       61405      3.73%     92.54% |       61428      3.73%     96.27% |       61431      3.73%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1647026                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     60.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.L1_Replacement::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_Exclusive |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      7.14%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           1      3.57%     10.71% |           8     28.57%     39.29% |           2      7.14%     46.43% |           4     14.29%     60.71% |           1      3.57%     64.29% |           1      3.57%     67.86% |           1      3.57%     71.43% |           2      7.14%     78.57% |           1      3.57%     82.14% |           2      7.14%     89.29% |           0      0.00%     89.29% |           3     10.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_Exclusive::total           28                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     10.53%     10.53% |           1      5.26%     15.79% |           0      0.00%     15.79% |           0      0.00%     15.79% |           1      5.26%     21.05% |           1      5.26%     26.32% |           1      5.26%     31.58% |           3     15.79%     47.37% |           1      5.26%     52.63% |           2     10.53%     63.16% |           4     21.05%     84.21% |           1      5.26%     89.47% |           1      5.26%     94.74% |           1      5.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks::total           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        4219     98.46%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           6      0.14%     98.60% |          11      0.26%     98.86% |           8      0.19%     99.04% |           1      0.02%     99.07% |          16      0.37%     99.44% |           5      0.12%     99.56% |          10      0.23%     99.79% |           9      0.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         4285                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          41    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           41                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        3373     99.82%     99.82% |           0      0.00%     99.82% |           0      0.00%     99.82% |           0      0.00%     99.82% |           0      0.00%     99.82% |           0      0.00%     99.82% |           0      0.00%     99.82% |           0      0.00%     99.82% |           0      0.00%     99.82% |           0      0.00%     99.82% |           0      0.00%     99.82% |           0      0.00%     99.82% |           2      0.06%     99.88% |           4      0.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         3379                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           2      0.20%      0.20% |           0      0.00%      0.20% |          65      6.63%      6.83% |          56      5.71%     12.54% |          53      5.40%     17.94% |          32      3.26%     21.20% |          27      2.75%     23.96% |          38      3.87%     27.83% |          61      6.22%     34.05% |          28      2.85%     36.90% |          74      7.54%     44.44% |          75      7.65%     52.09% |          85      8.66%     60.75% |          90      9.17%     69.93% |          73      7.44%     77.37% |          72      7.34%     84.71% |          81      8.26%     92.97% |          69      7.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total          981                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          30      3.36%      3.36% |          43      4.81%      8.17% |          47      5.26%     13.42% |          51      5.70%     19.13% |          39      4.36%     23.49% |          81      9.06%     32.55% |          33      3.69%     36.24% |          44      4.92%     41.16% |          56      6.26%     47.43% |          66      7.38%     54.81% |          75      8.39%     63.20% |          74      8.28%     71.48% |          47      5.26%     76.73% |          69      7.72%     84.45% |          75      8.39%     92.84% |          64      7.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total          894                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      888637     23.52%     23.52% |           0      0.00%     23.52% |      180956      4.79%     28.30% |      179806      4.76%     33.06% |      179792      4.76%     37.82% |      180532      4.78%     42.60% |      180022      4.76%     47.36% |      179869      4.76%     52.12% |      180053      4.76%     56.89% |      185546      4.91%     61.80% |      179995      4.76%     66.56% |      178569      4.73%     71.28% |      179690      4.76%     76.04% |      177183      4.69%     80.73% |      185354      4.90%     85.63% |      178222      4.72%     90.35% |      179158      4.74%     95.09% |      185509      4.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      3778893                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.Load |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.Load::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           2      0.11%      0.11% |           0      0.00%      0.11% |          95      5.07%      5.17% |          99      5.28%     10.45% |         100      5.33%     15.79% |          83      4.43%     20.21% |          66      3.52%     23.73% |         119      6.35%     30.08% |          94      5.01%     35.09% |          72      3.84%     38.93% |         130      6.93%     45.87% |         141      7.52%     53.39% |         160      8.53%     61.92% |         164      8.75%     70.67% |         120      6.40%     77.07% |         141      7.52%     84.59% |         156      8.32%     92.91% |         133      7.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total         1875                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3920      3.09%      3.09% |        3797      3.00%      6.09% |        3522      2.78%      8.87% |        3536      2.79%     11.66% |        3621      2.86%     14.52% |        4087      3.23%     17.74% |        3808      3.01%     20.75% |        3374      2.66%     23.41% |        3692      2.91%     26.33% |        5223      4.12%     30.45% |        4049      3.20%     33.64% |        3864      3.05%     36.69% |        3769      2.97%     39.67% |        4415      3.48%     43.15% |        3940      3.11%     46.26% |        3831      3.02%     49.28% |        4251      3.35%     52.64% |        4222      3.33%     55.97% |        3698      2.92%     58.89% |        3348      2.64%     61.53% |        3125      2.47%     64.00% |        3780      2.98%     66.98% |        3575      2.82%     69.80% |        3424      2.70%     72.51% |        3682      2.91%     75.41% |        3833      3.03%     78.44% |        3312      2.61%     81.05% |        4755      3.75%     84.80% |        4039      3.19%     87.99% |        5410      4.27%     92.26% |        5234      4.13%     96.39% |        4573      3.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       126709                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      159172      5.84%      5.84% |       83065      3.05%      8.89% |       81826      3.00%     11.89% |       82879      3.04%     14.93% |       82136      3.01%     17.94% |       81936      3.01%     20.95% |       81410      2.99%     23.94% |       81419      2.99%     26.92% |       81693      3.00%     29.92% |       81948      3.01%     32.93% |       83751      3.07%     36.00% |       83123      3.05%     39.05% |       82198      3.02%     42.06% |       82042      3.01%     45.07% |       81414      2.99%     48.06% |       81420      2.99%     51.05% |       82406      3.02%     54.07% |       81810      3.00%     57.07% |       82183      3.02%     60.09% |       82342      3.02%     63.11% |       82389      3.02%     66.13% |       90727      3.33%     69.46% |       89045      3.27%     72.73% |       81724      3.00%     75.73% |       81773      3.00%     78.73% |       82361      3.02%     81.75% |       81667      3.00%     84.74% |       81481      2.99%     87.73% |       82234      3.02%     90.75% |       81526      2.99%     93.74% |       82401      3.02%     96.76% |       88201      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total      2725702                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       64882      3.94%      3.94% |       50721      3.08%      7.02% |       50720      3.08%     10.09% |       51716      3.14%     13.23% |       50469      3.06%     16.29% |       50260      3.05%     19.34% |       50544      3.07%     22.41% |       50035      3.04%     25.45% |       50227      3.05%     28.50% |       50572      3.07%     31.56% |       50702      3.08%     34.64% |       50208      3.05%     37.69% |       50090      3.04%     40.73% |       50609      3.07%     43.80% |       49974      3.03%     46.83% |       50033      3.04%     49.87% |       50134      3.04%     52.91% |       50598      3.07%     55.98% |       50579      3.07%     59.05% |       50550      3.07%     62.12% |       50861      3.09%     65.20% |       57052      3.46%     68.67% |       52158      3.17%     71.83% |       50366      3.06%     74.89% |       50789      3.08%     77.97% |       50394      3.06%     81.03% |       50754      3.08%     84.11% |       50725      3.08%     87.18% |       51274      3.11%     90.30% |       51037      3.10%     93.39% |       53770      3.26%     96.66% |       55099      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1647902                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           4     22.22%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           4     22.22%     50.00% |           2     11.11%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           2     11.11%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2     11.11%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      205338      5.43%      5.43% |      115090      3.04%      8.47% |      114068      3.02%     11.49% |      115986      3.07%     14.56% |      114410      3.03%     17.59% |      113399      3.00%     20.58% |      113653      3.01%     23.59% |      113021      2.99%     26.58% |      113451      3.00%     29.58% |      114035      3.02%     32.60% |      115983      3.07%     35.66% |      114890      3.04%     38.70% |      114136      3.02%     41.72% |      114360      3.02%     44.75% |      113203      2.99%     47.74% |      113043      2.99%     50.73% |      114091      3.02%     53.75% |      113813      3.01%     56.76% |      114330      3.02%     59.78% |      114339      3.02%     62.81% |      114866      3.04%     65.84% |      129034      3.41%     69.26% |      122767      3.25%     72.50% |      113434      3.00%     75.50% |      113963      3.01%     78.52% |      114068      3.02%     81.53% |      113833      3.01%     84.54% |      113294      3.00%     87.54% |      115043      3.04%     90.58% |      113786      3.01%     93.59% |      117666      3.11%     96.71% |      124577      3.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      3780970                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |          62      3.72%      3.72% |          62      3.72%      7.45% |          70      4.20%     11.65% |          53      3.18%     14.83% |          55      3.30%     18.14% |          53      3.18%     21.32% |          63      3.78%     25.11% |          53      3.18%     28.29% |          48      2.88%     31.17% |          37      2.22%     33.39% |          39      2.34%     35.74% |          44      2.64%     38.38% |          48      2.88%     41.26% |          42      2.52%     43.78% |          42      2.52%     46.31% |          49      2.94%     49.25% |          55      3.30%     52.55% |          48      2.88%     55.44% |          57      3.42%     58.86% |          44      2.64%     61.50% |          58      3.48%     64.98% |          58      3.48%     68.47% |          45      2.70%     71.17% |          59      3.54%     74.71% |          52      3.12%     77.84% |          58      3.48%     81.32% |          75      4.50%     85.83% |          43      2.58%     88.41% |          58      3.48%     91.89% |          39      2.34%     94.23% |          51      3.06%     97.30% |          45      2.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total         1665                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       46062      3.82%      3.82% |       37483      3.11%      6.93% |       37563      3.11%     10.04% |       37492      3.11%     13.15% |       37387      3.10%     16.25% |       37346      3.10%     19.34% |       37388      3.10%     22.44% |       37416      3.10%     25.55% |       37477      3.11%     28.65% |       37535      3.11%     31.76% |       37561      3.11%     34.88% |       37411      3.10%     37.98% |       37302      3.09%     41.07% |       37267      3.09%     44.16% |       37296      3.09%     47.25% |       37269      3.09%     50.34% |       37384      3.10%     53.44% |       37405      3.10%     56.54% |       37517      3.11%     59.65% |       37432      3.10%     62.76% |       37365      3.10%     65.85% |       37433      3.10%     68.96% |       37513      3.11%     72.07% |       37438      3.10%     75.17% |       37441      3.10%     78.28% |       37525      3.11%     81.39% |       37541      3.11%     84.50% |       37421      3.10%     87.60% |       37371      3.10%     90.70% |       37331      3.09%     93.79% |       37435      3.10%     96.90% |       37430      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      1206237                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       49725      3.14%      3.14% |       49672      3.13%      6.27% |       49626      3.13%      9.40% |       49425      3.12%     12.52% |       49344      3.11%     15.63% |       49246      3.11%     18.73% |       49258      3.11%     21.84% |       49490      3.12%     24.96% |       49737      3.14%     28.10% |       49890      3.15%     31.24% |       49940      3.15%     34.39% |       49677      3.13%     37.53% |       49644      3.13%     40.66% |       49402      3.12%     43.77% |       49345      3.11%     46.89% |       49487      3.12%     50.01% |       49539      3.12%     53.13% |       49773      3.14%     56.27% |       49589      3.13%     59.40% |       49490      3.12%     62.52% |       49496      3.12%     65.64% |       49662      3.13%     68.77% |       49406      3.12%     71.89% |       49494      3.12%     75.01% |       49607      3.13%     78.14% |       49882      3.15%     81.28% |       49653      3.13%     84.42% |       49455      3.12%     87.53% |       49259      3.11%     90.64% |       49483      3.12%     93.76% |       49362      3.11%     96.87% |       49554      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total      1585612                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       96900      3.43%      3.43% |       88202      3.12%      6.55% |       88235      3.12%      9.67% |       87964      3.11%     12.79% |       87777      3.11%     15.89% |       87638      3.10%     19.00% |       87691      3.10%     22.10% |       87952      3.11%     25.21% |       88259      3.12%     28.34% |       88471      3.13%     31.47% |       88547      3.13%     34.60% |       88134      3.12%     37.72% |       87993      3.11%     40.84% |       87715      3.10%     43.94% |       87687      3.10%     47.04% |       87802      3.11%     50.15% |       87968      3.11%     53.26% |       88223      3.12%     56.39% |       88152      3.12%     59.51% |       87968      3.11%     62.62% |       87907      3.11%     65.73% |       88141      3.12%     68.85% |       87963      3.11%     71.97% |       87978      3.11%     75.08% |       88094      3.12%     78.20% |       88451      3.13%     81.33% |       88240      3.12%     84.45% |       87921      3.11%     87.56% |       87676      3.10%     90.67% |       87860      3.11%     93.78% |       87843      3.11%     96.88% |       88030      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      2825382                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       95876      3.43%      3.43% |       87178      3.12%      6.55% |       87211      3.12%      9.68% |       86940      3.11%     12.79% |       86753      3.11%     15.90% |       86614      3.10%     19.00% |       86667      3.10%     22.10% |       86928      3.11%     25.22% |       87235      3.12%     28.34% |       87447      3.13%     31.47% |       87523      3.13%     34.60% |       87110      3.12%     37.72% |       86969      3.11%     40.84% |       86691      3.10%     43.94% |       86663      3.10%     47.05% |       86778      3.11%     50.15% |       86944      3.11%     53.27% |       87199      3.12%     56.39% |       87128      3.12%     59.51% |       86944      3.11%     62.62% |       86883      3.11%     65.73% |       87117      3.12%     68.85% |       86941      3.11%     71.97% |       86954      3.11%     75.08% |       87070      3.12%     78.20% |       87427      3.13%     81.33% |       87216      3.12%     84.45% |       86897      3.11%     87.56% |       86652      3.10%     90.67% |       86836      3.11%     93.78% |       86819      3.11%     96.88% |       87006      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      2792616                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |        1576      3.19%      3.19% |        1555      3.14%      6.33% |        1494      3.02%      9.35% |        1544      3.12%     12.47% |        1478      2.99%     15.46% |        1471      2.97%     18.43% |        1461      2.95%     21.38% |        1516      3.06%     24.45% |        1498      3.03%     27.47% |        1548      3.13%     30.60% |        1557      3.15%     33.75% |        1579      3.19%     36.94% |        1544      3.12%     40.06% |        1547      3.13%     43.19% |        1503      3.04%     46.23% |        1583      3.20%     49.42% |        1520      3.07%     52.50% |        1595      3.22%     55.72% |        1541      3.11%     58.84% |        1628      3.29%     62.13% |        1606      3.25%     65.37% |        1640      3.31%     68.69% |        1521      3.07%     71.76% |        1567      3.17%     74.93% |        1526      3.08%     78.01% |        1598      3.23%     81.24% |        1537      3.11%     84.35% |        1641      3.32%     87.66% |        1529      3.09%     90.76% |        1567      3.17%     93.92% |        1475      2.98%     96.90% |        1532      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total        49477                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |        2090      3.26%      3.26% |        2069      3.23%      6.48% |        2210      3.45%      9.93% |        2202      3.43%     13.36% |        2228      3.47%     16.84% |        2244      3.50%     20.34% |        2215      3.45%     23.79% |        2152      3.36%     27.15% |        2055      3.20%     30.35% |        1884      2.94%     33.29% |        2038      3.18%     36.47% |        2056      3.21%     39.67% |        2088      3.26%     42.93% |        2143      3.34%     46.27% |        2112      3.29%     49.56% |        2008      3.13%     52.69% |        1963      3.06%     55.75% |        1844      2.88%     58.63% |        1928      3.01%     61.64% |        1897      2.96%     64.59% |        1899      2.96%     67.55% |        1890      2.95%     70.50% |        1920      2.99%     73.49% |        1794      2.80%     76.29% |        1894      2.95%     79.25% |        1838      2.87%     82.11% |        1915      2.99%     85.10% |        1901      2.96%     88.06% |        1888      2.94%     91.00% |        1955      3.05%     94.05% |        1927      3.00%     97.06% |        1887      2.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total        64134                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |        4907      3.32%      3.32% |        4752      3.22%      6.54% |        4889      3.31%      9.84% |        4699      3.18%     13.02% |        4763      3.22%     16.24% |        4659      3.15%     19.40% |        4790      3.24%     22.64% |        4617      3.12%     25.76% |        4756      3.22%     28.98% |        4573      3.09%     32.07% |        4644      3.14%     35.21% |        4475      3.03%     38.24% |        4527      3.06%     41.31% |        4415      2.99%     44.29% |        4511      3.05%     47.34% |        4395      2.97%     50.32% |        4552      3.08%     53.40% |        4386      2.97%     56.37% |        4530      3.06%     59.43% |        4402      2.98%     62.41% |        4483      3.03%     65.44% |        4483      3.03%     68.47% |        4617      3.12%     71.60% |        4523      3.06%     74.66% |        4701      3.18%     77.84% |        4548      3.08%     80.92% |        4744      3.21%     84.13% |        4599      3.11%     87.24% |        4669      3.16%     90.40% |        4657      3.15%     93.55% |        4814      3.26%     96.80% |        4724      3.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total       147804                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        8658      3.18%      3.18% |        8596      3.16%      6.34% |        8511      3.13%      9.47% |        8544      3.14%     12.61% |        8446      3.10%     15.72% |        8540      3.14%     18.85% |        8464      3.11%     21.97% |        8570      3.15%     25.12% |        8625      3.17%     28.29% |        8511      3.13%     31.42% |        8523      3.13%     34.55% |        8526      3.13%     37.68% |        8507      3.13%     40.81% |        8439      3.10%     43.91% |        8357      3.07%     46.98% |        8427      3.10%     50.08% |        8467      3.11%     53.19% |        8489      3.12%     56.31% |        8355      3.07%     59.38% |        8390      3.08%     62.47% |        8244      3.03%     65.50% |        8461      3.11%     68.61% |        8391      3.08%     71.69% |        8449      3.11%     74.80% |        8524      3.13%     77.93% |        8537      3.14%     81.07% |        8481      3.12%     84.19% |        8519      3.13%     87.32% |        8411      3.09%     90.41% |        8729      3.21%     93.62% |        8640      3.18%     96.79% |        8720      3.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total       272051                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        2069      3.26%      3.26% |        2041      3.22%      6.48% |        2183      3.44%      9.91% |        2182      3.44%     13.35% |        2212      3.48%     16.84% |        2221      3.50%     20.34% |        2190      3.45%     23.79% |        2135      3.36%     27.15% |        2035      3.21%     30.36% |        1867      2.94%     33.30% |        2025      3.19%     36.49% |        2036      3.21%     39.70% |        2071      3.26%     42.96% |        2124      3.35%     46.30% |        2094      3.30%     49.60% |        1989      3.13%     52.74% |        1945      3.06%     55.80% |        1825      2.88%     58.68% |        1900      2.99%     61.67% |        1883      2.97%     64.64% |        1874      2.95%     67.59% |        1863      2.94%     70.52% |        1903      3.00%     73.52% |        1766      2.78%     76.30% |        1871      2.95%     79.25% |        1815      2.86%     82.11% |        1890      2.98%     85.09% |        1887      2.97%     88.06% |        1863      2.94%     91.00% |        1935      3.05%     94.05% |        1912      3.01%     97.06% |        1867      2.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total        63473                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      212856      5.30%      5.30% |      122622      3.05%      8.35% |      121562      3.02%     11.37% |      123647      3.08%     14.45% |      121927      3.03%     17.48% |      121024      3.01%     20.49% |      121156      3.01%     23.51% |      120622      3.00%     26.51% |      120896      3.01%     29.51% |      121418      3.02%     32.53% |      123502      3.07%     35.61% |      122518      3.05%     38.66% |      121670      3.03%     41.68% |      121974      3.03%     44.72% |      120676      3.00%     47.72% |      120582      3.00%     50.72% |      121459      3.02%     53.74% |      121263      3.02%     56.76% |      121641      3.03%     59.78% |      121828      3.03%     62.82% |      122206      3.04%     65.86% |      136470      3.40%     69.25% |      130075      3.24%     72.49% |      120718      3.00%     75.49% |      121210      3.02%     78.51% |      121423      3.02%     81.53% |      121107      3.01%     84.54% |      120815      3.01%     87.55% |      122360      3.04%     90.59% |      121300      3.02%     93.61% |      124957      3.11%     96.72% |      131972      3.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      4019456                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         178     11.47%     11.47% |          46      2.96%     14.43% |          44      2.84%     17.27% |          46      2.96%     20.23% |          44      2.84%     23.07% |          44      2.84%     25.90% |          44      2.84%     28.74% |          44      2.84%     31.57% |          44      2.84%     34.41% |          44      2.84%     37.24% |          46      2.96%     40.21% |          44      2.84%     43.04% |          46      2.96%     46.01% |          44      2.84%     48.84% |          44      2.84%     51.68% |          44      2.84%     54.51% |          46      2.96%     57.47% |          44      2.84%     60.31% |          44      2.84%     63.14% |          44      2.84%     65.98% |          44      2.84%     68.81% |          44      2.84%     71.65% |          44      2.84%     74.48% |          44      2.84%     77.32% |          44      2.84%     80.15% |          44      2.84%     82.99% |          44      2.84%     85.82% |          44      2.84%     88.66% |          44      2.84%     91.49% |          44      2.84%     94.33% |          44      2.84%     97.16% |          44      2.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1552                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         507      3.21%      3.21% |         452      2.86%      6.06% |         451      2.85%      8.92% |         447      2.83%     11.74% |         474      3.00%     14.74% |         428      2.71%     17.45% |         466      2.95%     20.39% |         490      3.10%     23.49% |         521      3.29%     26.78% |         452      2.86%     29.64% |         483      3.05%     32.70% |         494      3.12%     35.82% |         599      3.79%     39.61% |         515      3.26%     42.86% |         501      3.17%     46.03% |         507      3.21%     49.24% |         507      3.21%     52.44% |         526      3.33%     55.77% |         519      3.28%     59.05% |         479      3.03%     62.08% |         462      2.92%     65.00% |         502      3.17%     68.18% |         471      2.98%     71.15% |         450      2.85%     74.00% |         512      3.24%     77.24% |         558      3.53%     80.77% |         503      3.18%     83.95% |         458      2.90%     86.84% |         455      2.88%     89.72% |         556      3.52%     93.23% |         541      3.42%     96.66% |         529      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        15815                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       57980      3.67%      3.67% |       49319      3.12%      6.78% |       49312      3.12%      9.90% |       49077      3.10%     13.00% |       48989      3.10%     16.10% |       48922      3.09%     19.19% |       48908      3.09%     22.29% |       49121      3.11%     25.39% |       49328      3.12%     28.51% |       49536      3.13%     31.64% |       49572      3.13%     34.77% |       49258      3.11%     37.89% |       49128      3.11%     40.99% |       49002      3.10%     44.09% |       48972      3.10%     47.19% |       49058      3.10%     50.29% |       49155      3.11%     53.40% |       49338      3.12%     56.52% |       49198      3.11%     59.63% |       49109      3.10%     62.73% |       49064      3.10%     65.83% |       49230      3.11%     68.95% |       49095      3.10%     72.05% |       49137      3.11%     75.16% |       49188      3.11%     78.27% |       49426      3.12%     81.39% |       49259      3.11%     84.50% |       49058      3.10%     87.61% |       48934      3.09%     90.70% |       49018      3.10%     93.80% |       48967      3.10%     96.89% |       49136      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total      1581794                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       38413      3.13%      3.13% |       38431      3.13%      6.26% |       38472      3.13%      9.39% |       38440      3.13%     12.52% |       38314      3.12%     15.64% |       38288      3.12%     18.76% |       38317      3.12%     21.88% |       38341      3.12%     25.01% |       38410      3.13%     28.13% |       38483      3.13%     31.27% |       38492      3.14%     34.40% |       38382      3.13%     37.53% |       38266      3.12%     40.65% |       38198      3.11%     43.76% |       38214      3.11%     46.87% |       38237      3.11%     49.98% |       38306      3.12%     53.10% |       38359      3.12%     56.23% |       38435      3.13%     59.36% |       38380      3.13%     62.49% |       38381      3.13%     65.61% |       38409      3.13%     68.74% |       38398      3.13%     71.87% |       38391      3.13%     74.99% |       38394      3.13%     78.12% |       38467      3.13%     81.25% |       38478      3.13%     84.39% |       38406      3.13%     87.52% |       38287      3.12%     90.63% |       38286      3.12%     93.75% |       38335      3.12%     96.88% |       38365      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total      1227775                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |          29      3.69%      3.69% |          30      3.82%      7.52% |          34      4.33%     11.85% |          25      3.18%     15.03% |          26      3.31%     18.34% |          26      3.31%     21.66% |          31      3.95%     25.61% |          24      3.06%     28.66% |          25      3.18%     31.85% |          16      2.04%     33.89% |          20      2.55%     36.43% |          21      2.68%     39.11% |          20      2.55%     41.66% |          22      2.80%     44.46% |          18      2.29%     46.75% |          24      3.06%     49.81% |          24      3.06%     52.87% |          21      2.68%     55.54% |          24      3.06%     58.60% |          19      2.42%     61.02% |          27      3.44%     64.46% |          25      3.18%     67.64% |          21      2.68%     70.32% |          27      3.44%     73.76% |          26      3.31%     77.07% |          27      3.44%     80.51% |          37      4.71%     85.22% |          21      2.68%     87.90% |          28      3.57%     91.46% |          20      2.55%     94.01% |          25      3.18%     97.20% |          22      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total          785                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3408      3.08%      3.08% |        3341      3.02%      6.10% |        3069      2.77%      8.88% |        3085      2.79%     11.67% |        3144      2.84%     14.51% |        3651      3.30%     17.81% |        3339      3.02%     20.83% |        2884      2.61%     23.44% |        3153      2.85%     26.29% |        4769      4.31%     30.60% |        3564      3.22%     33.82% |        3368      3.05%     36.87% |        3111      2.81%     39.68% |        3900      3.53%     43.21% |        3433      3.10%     46.31% |        3324      3.01%     49.32% |        3744      3.39%     52.70% |        3696      3.34%     56.04% |        3168      2.86%     58.91% |        2865      2.59%     61.50% |        2661      2.41%     63.90% |        3277      2.96%     66.87% |        3102      2.80%     69.67% |        2972      2.69%     72.36% |        3164      2.86%     75.22% |        3274      2.96%     78.18% |        2806      2.54%     80.72% |        4297      3.89%     84.60% |        3582      3.24%     87.84% |        4803      4.34%     92.18% |        4645      4.20%     96.38% |        4002      3.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110601                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        4229      3.08%      3.08% |        4241      3.08%      6.16% |        4120      3.00%      9.16% |        4252      3.09%     12.25% |        4088      2.97%     15.22% |        4524      3.29%     18.51% |        4159      3.02%     21.54% |        4138      3.01%     24.55% |        4107      2.99%     27.53% |        4210      3.06%     30.60% |        4150      3.02%     33.61% |        4219      3.07%     36.68% |        4102      2.98%     39.67% |        4243      3.09%     42.75% |        4251      3.09%     45.84% |        4342      3.16%     49.00% |        4295      3.12%     52.12% |        4447      3.23%     55.36% |        4441      3.23%     58.59% |        4448      3.23%     61.82% |        4316      3.14%     64.96% |        4391      3.19%     68.16% |        4354      3.17%     71.32% |        4472      3.25%     74.57% |        4372      3.18%     77.75% |        4464      3.25%     81.00% |        4366      3.18%     84.18% |        4517      3.29%     87.46% |        4348      3.16%     90.62% |        4354      3.17%     93.79% |        4264      3.10%     96.89% |        4274      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total       137498                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           2     10.00%     15.00% |           1      5.00%     20.00% |           1      5.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1      5.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           2     10.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           5     25.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           4     20.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           4     22.22%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           4     22.22%     50.00% |           2     11.11%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           2     11.11%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2     11.11%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |          25      2.97%      2.97% |          21      2.49%      5.46% |          31      3.68%      9.13% |          15      1.78%     10.91% |          26      3.08%     14.00% |          26      3.08%     17.08% |          27      3.20%     20.28% |          27      3.20%     23.49% |          29      3.44%     26.93% |          18      2.14%     29.06% |          29      3.44%     32.50% |          28      3.32%     35.82% |          22      2.61%     38.43% |          30      3.56%     41.99% |          34      4.03%     46.03% |          28      3.32%     49.35% |          27      3.20%     52.55% |          23      2.73%     55.28% |          27      3.20%     58.48% |          19      2.25%     60.74% |          20      2.37%     63.11% |          34      4.03%     67.14% |          33      3.91%     71.06% |          28      3.32%     74.38% |          30      3.56%     77.94% |          25      2.97%     80.90% |          29      3.44%     84.34% |          12      1.42%     85.77% |          19      2.25%     88.02% |          35      4.15%     92.17% |          40      4.74%     96.92% |          26      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total          843                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           1      5.00%     10.00% |           1      5.00%     15.00% |           1      5.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           3     15.00%     35.00% |           2     10.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           1      5.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      5.00%     55.00% |           0      0.00%     55.00% |           1      5.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1      5.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           2     10.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     10.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |        4931      3.28%      3.28% |        4830      3.21%      6.48% |        4841      3.22%      9.70% |        4775      3.17%     12.87% |        4754      3.16%     16.03% |        4742      3.15%     19.18% |        4743      3.15%     22.33% |        4758      3.16%     25.49% |        4837      3.21%     28.71% |        4673      3.10%     31.81% |        4685      3.11%     34.92% |        4634      3.08%     38.00% |        4697      3.12%     41.12% |        4603      3.06%     44.18% |        4564      3.03%     47.21% |        4568      3.03%     50.25% |        4654      3.09%     53.34% |        4582      3.04%     56.38% |        4601      3.06%     59.44% |        4540      3.02%     62.46% |        4508      2.99%     65.45% |        4630      3.08%     68.53% |        4607      3.06%     71.59% |        4622      3.07%     74.66% |        4768      3.17%     77.83% |        4739      3.15%     80.97% |        4755      3.16%     84.13% |        4685      3.11%     87.25% |        4639      3.08%     90.33% |        4844      3.22%     93.55% |        4838      3.21%     96.76% |        4877      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total       150524                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      6.17%      6.17% |           4      4.94%     11.11% |           2      2.47%     13.58% |           4      4.94%     18.52% |           3      3.70%     22.22% |           8      9.88%     32.10% |           3      3.70%     35.80% |           0      0.00%     35.80% |           0      0.00%     35.80% |           2      2.47%     38.27% |           2      2.47%     40.74% |           2      2.47%     43.21% |           4      4.94%     48.15% |           0      0.00%     48.15% |           6      7.41%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |          11     13.58%     69.14% |           4      4.94%     74.07% |           2      2.47%     76.54% |           1      1.23%     77.78% |           2      2.47%     80.25% |           2      2.47%     82.72% |           6      7.41%     90.12% |           1      1.23%     91.36% |           3      3.70%     95.06% |           0      0.00%     95.06% |           2      2.47%     97.53% |           0      0.00%     97.53% |           2      2.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           81                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       92380     10.69%     10.69% |       24964      2.89%     13.58% |       23795      2.75%     16.34% |       25061      2.90%     19.24% |       24581      2.85%     22.08% |       23994      2.78%     24.86% |       23856      2.76%     27.62% |       23669      2.74%     30.36% |       23698      2.74%     33.10% |       23765      2.75%     35.85% |       25513      2.95%     38.81% |       25271      2.92%     41.73% |       24605      2.85%     44.58% |       24442      2.83%     47.41% |       23825      2.76%     50.17% |       23698      2.74%     52.91% |       24515      2.84%     55.75% |       23710      2.74%     58.49% |       24177      2.80%     61.29% |       24479      2.83%     64.12% |       24643      2.85%     66.97% |       32618      3.78%     70.75% |       31160      3.61%     74.36% |       23723      2.75%     77.10% |       23702      2.74%     79.85% |       24056      2.78%     82.63% |       23537      2.72%     85.35% |       23453      2.71%     88.07% |       24526      2.84%     90.91% |       23649      2.74%     93.64% |       24652      2.85%     96.50% |       30260      3.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       863977                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       26454      6.31%      6.31% |       12264      2.93%      9.24% |       12214      2.91%     12.15% |       13245      3.16%     15.31% |       12144      2.90%     18.20% |       11950      2.85%     21.06% |       12210      2.91%     23.97% |       11679      2.79%     26.75% |       11801      2.81%     29.57% |       12058      2.88%     32.44% |       12179      2.91%     35.35% |       11800      2.81%     38.16% |       11790      2.81%     40.98% |       12396      2.96%     43.93% |       11738      2.80%     46.73% |       11771      2.81%     49.54% |       11797      2.81%     52.36% |       12201      2.91%     55.27% |       12110      2.89%     58.15% |       12140      2.90%     61.05% |       12389      2.96%     64.01% |       18566      4.43%     68.43% |       13742      3.28%     71.71% |       11946      2.85%     74.56% |       12380      2.95%     77.51% |       11902      2.84%     80.35% |       12247      2.92%     83.27% |       12286      2.93%     86.21% |       12970      3.09%     89.30% |       12733      3.04%     92.34% |       15414      3.68%     96.01% |       16715      3.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       419231                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       45240      3.84%      3.84% |       36629      3.11%      6.94% |       36741      3.12%     10.06% |       36642      3.11%     13.16% |       36574      3.10%     16.27% |       36553      3.10%     19.36% |       36603      3.10%     22.47% |       36583      3.10%     25.57% |       36673      3.11%     28.68% |       36698      3.11%     31.79% |       36713      3.11%     34.90% |       36553      3.10%     38.00% |       36467      3.09%     41.10% |       36409      3.09%     44.18% |       36461      3.09%     47.27% |       36409      3.09%     50.36% |       36559      3.10%     53.46% |       36528      3.10%     56.56% |       36670      3.11%     59.67% |       36533      3.10%     62.77% |       36531      3.10%     65.86% |       36571      3.10%     68.96% |       36667      3.11%     72.07% |       36599      3.10%     75.18% |       36634      3.11%     78.28% |       36649      3.11%     81.39% |       36708      3.11%     84.50% |       36536      3.10%     87.60% |       36529      3.10%     90.70% |       36484      3.09%     93.79% |       36619      3.10%     96.90% |       36598      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total      1179363                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       40348      3.13%      3.13% |       40347      3.13%      6.25% |       40416      3.13%      9.39% |       40167      3.11%     12.50% |       40217      3.12%     15.62% |       40005      3.10%     18.72% |       40092      3.11%     21.82% |       40221      3.12%     24.94% |       40397      3.13%     28.07% |       40652      3.15%     31.22% |       40694      3.15%     34.37% |       40410      3.13%     37.51% |       40411      3.13%     40.64% |       40255      3.12%     43.76% |       40302      3.12%     46.88% |       40318      3.12%     50.01% |       40357      3.13%     53.13% |       40546      3.14%     56.28% |       40512      3.14%     59.42% |       40357      3.13%     62.54% |       40455      3.14%     65.68% |       40396      3.13%     68.81% |       40323      3.12%     71.93% |       40290      3.12%     75.06% |       40341      3.13%     78.18% |       40598      3.15%     81.33% |       40443      3.13%     84.46% |       40166      3.11%     87.58% |       40136      3.11%     90.69% |       40014      3.10%     93.79% |       40048      3.10%     96.89% |       40114      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total      1290348                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          33      4.60%      4.60% |          23      3.21%      7.81% |          22      3.07%     10.88% |          23      3.21%     14.09% |          22      3.07%     17.15% |          22      3.07%     20.22% |          22      3.07%     23.29% |          21      2.93%     26.22% |          22      3.07%     29.29% |          21      2.93%     32.22% |          23      3.21%     35.43% |          22      3.07%     38.49% |          23      3.21%     41.70% |          22      3.07%     44.77% |          22      3.07%     47.84% |          22      3.07%     50.91% |          23      3.21%     54.11% |          22      3.07%     57.18% |          22      3.07%     60.25% |          22      3.07%     63.32% |          22      3.07%     66.39% |          22      3.07%     69.46% |          22      3.07%     72.52% |          21      2.93%     75.45% |          22      3.07%     78.52% |          22      3.07%     81.59% |          22      3.07%     84.66% |          22      3.07%     87.73% |          22      3.07%     90.79% |          22      3.07%     93.86% |          22      3.07%     96.93% |          22      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          717                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        2069      3.26%      3.26% |        2041      3.22%      6.48% |        2183      3.44%      9.91% |        2182      3.44%     13.35% |        2212      3.48%     16.84% |        2221      3.50%     20.34% |        2190      3.45%     23.79% |        2135      3.36%     27.15% |        2035      3.21%     30.36% |        1867      2.94%     33.30% |        2025      3.19%     36.49% |        2036      3.21%     39.70% |        2071      3.26%     42.96% |        2124      3.35%     46.30% |        2094      3.30%     49.60% |        1989      3.13%     52.74% |        1945      3.06%     55.80% |        1825      2.88%     58.68% |        1900      2.99%     61.67% |        1883      2.97%     64.64% |        1874      2.95%     67.59% |        1863      2.94%     70.52% |        1903      3.00%     73.52% |        1766      2.78%     76.30% |        1871      2.95%     79.25% |        1815      2.86%     82.11% |        1890      2.98%     85.09% |        1887      2.97%     88.06% |        1863      2.94%     91.00% |        1935      3.05%     94.05% |        1912      3.01%     97.06% |        1867      2.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total        63473                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      205280      5.43%      5.43% |      115039      3.04%      8.48% |      114000      3.02%     11.49% |      115941      3.07%     14.56% |      114346      3.03%     17.59% |      113332      3.00%     20.59% |      113589      3.01%     23.59% |      112962      2.99%     26.58% |      113385      3.00%     29.58% |      113979      3.02%     32.60% |      115907      3.07%     35.67% |      114823      3.04%     38.70% |      114076      3.02%     41.72% |      114287      3.02%     44.75% |      113128      2.99%     47.74% |      112975      2.99%     50.73% |      114020      3.02%     53.75% |      113759      3.01%     56.76% |      114273      3.02%     59.78% |      114294      3.02%     62.81% |      114808      3.04%     65.84% |      128944      3.41%     69.26% |      122699      3.25%     72.50% |      113357      3.00%     75.50% |      113876      3.01%     78.52% |      114006      3.02%     81.53% |      113761      3.01%     84.54% |      113255      3.00%     87.54% |      114992      3.04%     90.58% |      113706      3.01%     93.59% |      117575      3.11%     96.70% |      124519      3.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      3778893                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |         821      3.06%      3.06% |         853      3.18%      6.23% |         821      3.06%      9.29% |         849      3.16%     12.45% |         813      3.03%     15.48% |         790      2.94%     18.42% |         783      2.92%     21.34% |         833      3.10%     24.44% |         804      2.99%     27.43% |         836      3.11%     30.55% |         848      3.16%     33.70% |         858      3.20%     36.90% |         834      3.11%     40.01% |         858      3.20%     43.20% |         834      3.11%     46.31% |         860      3.20%     49.51% |         825      3.07%     52.58% |         877      3.27%     55.85% |         846      3.15%     59.00% |         899      3.35%     62.34% |         834      3.11%     65.45% |         860      3.20%     68.65% |         846      3.15%     71.80% |         839      3.12%     74.93% |         805      3.00%     77.93% |         876      3.26%     81.19% |         832      3.10%     84.29% |         885      3.30%     87.58% |         842      3.14%     90.72% |         847      3.15%     93.87% |         816      3.04%     96.91% |         830      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total        26854                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |        4446      3.07%      3.07% |        4495      3.11%      6.18% |        4369      3.02%      9.20% |        4483      3.10%     12.29% |        4373      3.02%     15.32% |        4499      3.11%     18.42% |        4422      3.06%     21.48% |        4511      3.12%     24.60% |        4502      3.11%     27.71% |        4565      3.15%     30.86% |        4560      3.15%     34.01% |        4633      3.20%     37.21% |        4536      3.13%     40.35% |        4544      3.14%     43.49% |        4479      3.09%     46.58% |        4601      3.18%     49.76% |        4526      3.13%     52.89% |        4644      3.21%     56.10% |        4476      3.09%     59.19% |        4593      3.17%     62.36% |        4533      3.13%     65.49% |        4636      3.20%     68.70% |        4476      3.09%     71.79% |        4582      3.17%     74.96% |        4498      3.11%     78.06% |        4543      3.14%     81.20% |        4455      3.08%     84.28% |        4604      3.18%     87.46% |        4484      3.10%     90.56% |        4625      3.20%     93.75% |        4476      3.09%     96.85% |        4563      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total       144732                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56     94.92%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           1      1.69%     96.61% |           0      0.00%     96.61% |           1      1.69%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           1      1.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           59                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          18      8.74%      8.74% |           0      0.00%      8.74% |           0      0.00%      8.74% |           0      0.00%      8.74% |          54     26.21%     34.95% |           0      0.00%     34.95% |           0      0.00%     34.95% |           0      0.00%     34.95% |           0      0.00%     34.95% |           0      0.00%     34.95% |           0      0.00%     34.95% |           0      0.00%     34.95% |           0      0.00%     34.95% |           0      0.00%     34.95% |           0      0.00%     34.95% |           0      0.00%     34.95% |           0      0.00%     34.95% |           0      0.00%     34.95% |           0      0.00%     34.95% |           0      0.00%     34.95% |           0      0.00%     34.95% |          48     23.30%     58.25% |          44     21.36%     79.61% |          42     20.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total          206                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |          16      2.27%      2.27% |           6      0.85%      3.12% |          13      1.85%      4.97% |          19      2.70%      7.67% |           6      0.85%      8.52% |          12      1.70%     10.23% |           7      0.99%     11.22% |          17      2.41%     13.64% |          11      1.56%     15.20% |          18      2.56%     17.76% |          46      6.53%     24.29% |          21      2.98%     27.27% |          26      3.69%     30.97% |          21      2.98%     33.95% |          16      2.27%     36.22% |          27      3.84%     40.06% |          20      2.84%     42.90% |          23      3.27%     46.16% |          23      3.27%     49.43% |          14      1.99%     51.42% |          14      1.99%     53.41% |         112     15.91%     69.32% |          37      5.26%     74.57% |          46      6.53%     81.11% |          26      3.69%     84.80% |          15      2.13%     86.93% |          25      3.55%     90.48% |          21      2.98%     93.47% |          11      1.56%     95.03% |          11      1.56%     96.59% |          12      1.70%     98.30% |          12      1.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total          704                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |          14      1.72%      1.72% |          24      2.94%      4.66% |          33      4.05%      8.71% |          30      3.68%     12.39% |          11      1.35%     13.74% |          21      2.58%     16.32% |          17      2.09%     18.40% |          15      1.84%     20.25% |          16      1.96%     22.21% |          29      3.56%     25.77% |          31      3.80%     29.57% |          26      3.19%     32.76% |          29      3.56%     36.32% |          15      1.84%     38.16% |          22      2.70%     40.86% |          25      3.07%     43.93% |          31      3.80%     47.73% |          38      4.66%     52.39% |          30      3.68%     56.07% |          29      3.56%     59.63% |          82     10.06%     69.69% |          25      3.07%     72.76% |          18      2.21%     74.97% |          29      3.56%     78.53% |          13      1.60%     80.12% |          25      3.07%     83.19% |          29      3.56%     86.75% |          33      4.05%     90.80% |          17      2.09%     92.88% |          18      2.21%     95.09% |          21      2.58%     97.67% |          19      2.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total          815                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old |           8      4.08%      4.08% |           4      2.04%      6.12% |           3      1.53%      7.65% |           4      2.04%      9.69% |           4      2.04%     11.73% |           4      2.04%     13.78% |           6      3.06%     16.84% |           7      3.57%     20.41% |           1      0.51%     20.92% |           8      4.08%     25.00% |           4      2.04%     27.04% |           7      3.57%     30.61% |          10      5.10%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           6      3.06%     38.78% |           3      1.53%     40.31% |           9      4.59%     44.90% |           8      4.08%     48.98% |          13      6.63%     55.61% |          12      6.12%     61.73% |          10      5.10%     66.84% |           9      4.59%     71.43% |           5      2.55%     73.98% |           7      3.57%     77.55% |           1      0.51%     78.06% |           4      2.04%     80.10% |           6      3.06%     83.16% |           4      2.04%     85.20% |           9      4.59%     89.80% |           5      2.55%     92.35% |           7      3.57%     95.92% |           8      4.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old::total          196                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       95876      3.43%      3.43% |       87178      3.12%      6.55% |       87211      3.12%      9.68% |       86940      3.11%     12.79% |       86753      3.11%     15.90% |       86614      3.10%     19.00% |       86667      3.10%     22.10% |       86928      3.11%     25.22% |       87235      3.12%     28.34% |       87447      3.13%     31.47% |       87523      3.13%     34.60% |       87110      3.12%     37.72% |       86969      3.11%     40.84% |       86691      3.10%     43.94% |       86663      3.10%     47.05% |       86778      3.11%     50.15% |       86944      3.11%     53.27% |       87199      3.12%     56.39% |       87128      3.12%     59.51% |       86944      3.11%     62.62% |       86883      3.11%     65.73% |       87117      3.12%     68.85% |       86941      3.11%     71.97% |       86954      3.11%     75.08% |       87070      3.12%     78.20% |       87427      3.13%     81.33% |       87216      3.12%     84.45% |       86897      3.11%     87.56% |       86652      3.10%     90.67% |       86836      3.11%     93.78% |       86819      3.11%     96.88% |       87006      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      2792616                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          33      4.60%      4.60% |          23      3.21%      7.81% |          22      3.07%     10.88% |          23      3.21%     14.09% |          22      3.07%     17.15% |          22      3.07%     20.22% |          22      3.07%     23.29% |          21      2.93%     26.22% |          22      3.07%     29.29% |          21      2.93%     32.22% |          23      3.21%     35.43% |          22      3.07%     38.49% |          23      3.21%     41.70% |          22      3.07%     44.77% |          22      3.07%     47.84% |          22      3.07%     50.91% |          23      3.21%     54.11% |          22      3.07%     57.18% |          22      3.07%     60.25% |          22      3.07%     63.32% |          22      3.07%     66.39% |          22      3.07%     69.46% |          22      3.07%     72.52% |          21      2.93%     75.45% |          22      3.07%     78.52% |          22      3.07%     81.59% |          22      3.07%     84.66% |          22      3.07%     87.73% |          22      3.07%     90.79% |          22      3.07%     93.86% |          22      3.07%     96.93% |          22      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          717                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           8     10.13%     10.13% |           2      2.53%     12.66% |           4      5.06%     17.72% |           3      3.80%     21.52% |           5      6.33%     27.85% |           0      0.00%     27.85% |           2      2.53%     30.38% |           4      5.06%     35.44% |           1      1.27%     36.71% |           1      1.27%     37.97% |           0      0.00%     37.97% |           1      1.27%     39.24% |           4      5.06%     44.30% |           2      2.53%     46.84% |           2      2.53%     49.37% |           4      5.06%     54.43% |           4      5.06%     59.49% |           1      1.27%     60.76% |           1      1.27%     62.03% |           3      3.80%     65.82% |           1      1.27%     67.09% |           2      2.53%     69.62% |           2      2.53%     72.15% |           0      0.00%     72.15% |           3      3.80%     75.95% |           1      1.27%     77.22% |           8     10.13%     87.34% |           4      5.06%     92.41% |           2      2.53%     94.94% |           1      1.27%     96.20% |           2      2.53%     98.73% |           1      1.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total           79                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |         874      3.25%      3.25% |         851      3.17%      6.42% |         820      3.05%      9.47% |         847      3.15%     12.63% |         812      3.02%     15.65% |         790      2.94%     18.59% |         782      2.91%     21.50% |         832      3.10%     24.60% |         803      2.99%     27.59% |         835      3.11%     30.70% |         845      3.15%     33.84% |         856      3.19%     37.03% |         834      3.10%     40.13% |         857      3.19%     43.32% |         833      3.10%     46.42% |         859      3.20%     49.62% |         825      3.07%     52.69% |         875      3.26%     55.95% |         845      3.15%     59.09% |         898      3.34%     62.44% |         832      3.10%     65.53% |         857      3.19%     68.72% |         844      3.14%     71.87% |         836      3.11%     74.98% |         803      2.99%     77.97% |         874      3.25%     81.22% |         832      3.10%     84.32% |         885      3.29%     87.61% |         839      3.12%     90.73% |         846      3.15%     93.88% |         816      3.04%     96.92% |         827      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total        26864                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      6.12%      6.12% |           2      4.08%     10.20% |           1      2.04%     12.24% |           2      4.08%     16.33% |           1      2.04%     18.37% |           0      0.00%     18.37% |           1      2.04%     20.41% |           2      4.08%     24.49% |           1      2.04%     26.53% |           2      4.08%     30.61% |           3      6.12%     36.73% |           2      4.08%     40.82% |           0      0.00%     40.82% |           1      2.04%     42.86% |           1      2.04%     44.90% |           1      2.04%     46.94% |           0      0.00%     46.94% |           2      4.08%     51.02% |           1      2.04%     53.06% |           1      2.04%     55.10% |           2      4.08%     59.18% |           3      6.12%     65.31% |           2      4.08%     69.39% |           4      8.16%     77.55% |           2      4.08%     81.63% |           2      4.08%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           3      6.12%     91.84% |           1      2.04%     93.88% |           0      0.00%     93.88% |           3      6.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           49                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56     94.92%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           1      1.69%     96.61% |           0      0.00%     96.61% |           1      1.69%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           1      1.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           59                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      2.00%      2.00% |           0      0.00%      2.00% |           1      2.00%      4.00% |           0      0.00%      4.00% |           0      0.00%      4.00% |           1      2.00%      6.00% |           1      2.00%      8.00% |           0      0.00%      8.00% |           6     12.00%     20.00% |           1      2.00%     22.00% |           1      2.00%     24.00% |           1      2.00%     26.00% |           0      0.00%     26.00% |           1      2.00%     28.00% |           1      2.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           1      2.00%     32.00% |           3      6.00%     38.00% |           0      0.00%     38.00% |          27     54.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           1      2.00%     94.00% |           0      0.00%     94.00% |           1      2.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           1      2.00%     98.00% |           0      0.00%     98.00% |           1      2.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total           50                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           9     15.00%     15.00% |          51     85.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           60                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |          16      2.65%      2.65% |          26      4.31%      6.97% |          29      4.81%     11.77% |          21      3.48%     15.26% |          20      3.32%     18.57% |          23      3.81%     22.39% |          24      3.98%     26.37% |          18      2.99%     29.35% |          21      3.48%     32.84% |          12      1.99%     34.83% |          15      2.49%     37.31% |          15      2.49%     39.80% |          14      2.32%     42.12% |          18      2.99%     45.11% |          16      2.65%     47.76% |          18      2.99%     50.75% |          18      2.99%     53.73% |          18      2.99%     56.72% |          19      3.15%     59.87% |          10      1.66%     61.53% |          20      3.32%     64.84% |          22      3.65%     68.49% |          17      2.82%     71.31% |          25      4.15%     75.46% |          22      3.65%     79.10% |          25      4.15%     83.25% |          24      3.98%     87.23% |          14      2.32%     89.55% |          19      3.15%     92.70% |          13      2.16%     94.86% |          17      2.82%     97.68% |          14      2.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total          603                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |         702      3.11%      3.11% |         704      3.11%      6.22% |         674      2.98%      9.20% |         697      3.08%     12.28% |         666      2.95%     15.23% |         681      3.01%     18.24% |         679      3.00%     21.24% |         684      3.03%     24.27% |         695      3.07%     27.34% |         713      3.15%     30.50% |         712      3.15%     33.65% |         723      3.20%     36.85% |         710      3.14%     39.99% |         690      3.05%     43.04% |         670      2.96%     46.00% |         724      3.20%     49.20% |         695      3.07%     52.28% |         720      3.18%     55.46% |         696      3.08%     58.54% |         730      3.23%     61.77% |         774      3.42%     65.19% |         781      3.45%     68.65% |         677      2.99%     71.64% |         731      3.23%     74.88% |         723      3.20%     78.07% |         724      3.20%     81.28% |         704      3.11%     84.39% |         756      3.34%     87.73% |         690      3.05%     90.79% |         721      3.19%     93.98% |         659      2.91%     96.89% |         703      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total        22608                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |          21      3.15%      3.15% |          28      4.20%      7.36% |          27      4.05%     11.41% |          20      3.00%     14.41% |          16      2.40%     16.82% |          23      3.45%     20.27% |          25      3.75%     24.02% |          17      2.55%     26.58% |          20      3.00%     29.58% |          17      2.55%     32.13% |          13      1.95%     34.08% |          20      3.00%     37.09% |          17      2.55%     39.64% |          19      2.85%     42.49% |          18      2.70%     45.20% |          19      2.85%     48.05% |          18      2.70%     50.75% |          19      2.85%     53.60% |          28      4.20%     57.81% |          14      2.10%     59.91% |          25      3.75%     63.66% |          29      4.35%     68.02% |          17      2.55%     70.57% |          28      4.20%     74.77% |          23      3.45%     78.23% |          23      3.45%     81.68% |          26      3.90%     85.59% |          14      2.10%     87.69% |          25      3.75%     91.44% |          20      3.00%     94.44% |          15      2.25%     96.70% |          22      3.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total          666                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |        3723      3.07%      3.07% |        3763      3.10%      6.16% |        3668      3.02%      9.18% |        3766      3.10%     12.28% |        3691      3.04%     15.32% |        3795      3.12%     18.45% |        3718      3.06%     21.51% |        3810      3.14%     24.65% |        3787      3.12%     27.76% |        3835      3.16%     30.92% |        3835      3.16%     34.08% |        3890      3.20%     37.28% |        3809      3.14%     40.42% |        3835      3.16%     43.57% |        3791      3.12%     46.70% |        3858      3.18%     49.87% |        3813      3.14%     53.01% |        3905      3.22%     56.23% |        3752      3.09%     59.32% |        3849      3.17%     62.48% |        3734      3.07%     65.56% |        3826      3.15%     68.71% |        3782      3.11%     71.82% |        3823      3.15%     74.97% |        3752      3.09%     78.06% |        3796      3.13%     81.19% |        3725      3.07%     84.25% |        3834      3.16%     87.41% |        3769      3.10%     90.51% |        3884      3.20%     93.71% |        3802      3.13%     96.84% |        3838      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total       121458                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           3     50.00%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS |           1      2.70%      2.70% |           1      2.70%      5.41% |           1      2.70%      8.11% |           1      2.70%     10.81% |           2      5.41%     16.22% |           2      5.41%     21.62% |           1      2.70%     24.32% |           1      2.70%     27.03% |           0      0.00%     27.03% |           3      8.11%     35.14% |           1      2.70%     37.84% |           2      5.41%     43.24% |           3      8.11%     51.35% |           1      2.70%     54.05% |           1      2.70%     56.76% |           0      0.00%     56.76% |           0      0.00%     56.76% |           2      5.41%     62.16% |           1      2.70%     64.86% |           1      2.70%     67.57% |           2      5.41%     72.97% |           1      2.70%     75.68% |           1      2.70%     78.38% |           1      2.70%     81.08% |           0      0.00%     81.08% |           0      0.00%     81.08% |           0      0.00%     81.08% |           1      2.70%     83.78% |           0      0.00%     83.78% |           3      8.11%     91.89% |           3      8.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS::total           37                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |        4907      3.32%      3.32% |        4752      3.22%      6.54% |        4889      3.31%      9.84% |        4699      3.18%     13.02% |        4763      3.22%     16.25% |        4659      3.15%     19.40% |        4790      3.24%     22.64% |        4617      3.12%     25.76% |        4756      3.22%     28.98% |        4573      3.09%     32.07% |        4644      3.14%     35.22% |        4475      3.03%     38.24% |        4527      3.06%     41.31% |        4415      2.99%     44.29% |        4511      3.05%     47.35% |        4395      2.97%     50.32% |        4552      3.08%     53.40% |        4386      2.97%     56.37% |        4530      3.06%     59.43% |        4402      2.98%     62.41% |        4483      3.03%     65.44% |        4481      3.03%     68.48% |        4617      3.12%     71.60% |        4523      3.06%     74.66% |        4701      3.18%     77.84% |        4548      3.08%     80.92% |        4743      3.21%     84.13% |        4599      3.11%     87.24% |        4669      3.16%     90.40% |        4657      3.15%     93.55% |        4814      3.26%     96.81% |        4722      3.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total       147799                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |        4931      3.28%      3.28% |        4830      3.21%      6.48% |        4841      3.22%      9.70% |        4775      3.17%     12.87% |        4754      3.16%     16.03% |        4742      3.15%     19.18% |        4743      3.15%     22.33% |        4758      3.16%     25.49% |        4837      3.21%     28.71% |        4673      3.10%     31.81% |        4685      3.11%     34.92% |        4634      3.08%     38.00% |        4697      3.12%     41.12% |        4603      3.06%     44.18% |        4564      3.03%     47.21% |        4568      3.03%     50.25% |        4654      3.09%     53.34% |        4582      3.04%     56.38% |        4601      3.06%     59.44% |        4540      3.02%     62.46% |        4508      2.99%     65.45% |        4630      3.08%     68.53% |        4607      3.06%     71.59% |        4622      3.07%     74.66% |        4768      3.17%     77.83% |        4739      3.15%     80.97% |        4755      3.16%     84.13% |        4685      3.11%     87.25% |        4639      3.08%     90.33% |        4844      3.22%     93.55% |        4838      3.21%     96.76% |        4877      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total       150524                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           1      5.00%     10.00% |           1      5.00%     15.00% |           1      5.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           3     15.00%     35.00% |           2     10.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           1      5.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      5.00%     55.00% |           0      0.00%     55.00% |           1      5.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1      5.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           2     10.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     10.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |        2373      3.23%      3.23% |        2358      3.21%      6.45% |        2232      3.04%      9.49% |        2177      2.97%     12.46% |        2101      2.86%     15.32% |        2131      2.90%     18.23% |        2135      2.91%     21.14% |        2188      2.98%     24.12% |        2341      3.19%     27.31% |        2426      3.31%     30.62% |        2254      3.07%     33.69% |        2193      2.99%     36.68% |        2124      2.90%     39.58% |        2064      2.81%     42.39% |        2077      2.83%     45.22% |        2182      2.97%     48.20% |        2314      3.15%     51.35% |        2345      3.20%     54.55% |        2287      3.12%     57.66% |        2283      3.11%     60.78% |        2272      3.10%     63.87% |        2353      3.21%     67.08% |        2320      3.16%     70.24% |        2479      3.38%     73.62% |        2457      3.35%     76.97% |        2428      3.31%     80.28% |        2416      3.29%     83.58% |        2388      3.26%     86.83% |        2359      3.22%     90.05% |        2386      3.25%     93.30% |        2412      3.29%     96.59% |        2504      3.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total        73359                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L2_Replacement_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L2_Replacement_clean::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       55607      3.69%      3.69% |       46961      3.11%      6.80% |       47080      3.12%      9.92% |       46900      3.11%     13.03% |       46888      3.11%     16.14% |       46791      3.10%     19.24% |       46773      3.10%     22.34% |       46933      3.11%     25.45% |       46987      3.11%     28.57% |       47110      3.12%     31.69% |       47318      3.14%     34.83% |       47065      3.12%     37.95% |       47004      3.12%     41.06% |       46938      3.11%     44.18% |       46895      3.11%     47.28% |       46876      3.11%     50.39% |       46841      3.11%     53.50% |       46993      3.12%     56.61% |       46911      3.11%     59.72% |       46826      3.10%     62.83% |       46792      3.10%     65.93% |       46877      3.11%     69.04% |       46775      3.10%     72.14% |       46658      3.09%     75.23% |       46731      3.10%     78.33% |       46998      3.12%     81.44% |       46843      3.11%     84.55% |       46670      3.09%     87.64% |       46575      3.09%     90.73% |       46632      3.09%     93.82% |       46555      3.09%     96.91% |       46632      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total      1508435                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS |          21      4.45%      4.45% |          11      2.33%      6.78% |          27      5.72%     12.50% |          13      2.75%     15.25% |          25      5.30%     20.55% |          21      4.45%     25.00% |          29      6.14%     31.14% |          25      5.30%     36.44% |          23      4.87%     41.31% |          18      3.81%     45.13% |          20      4.24%     49.36% |          15      3.18%     52.54% |          19      4.03%     56.57% |          19      4.03%     60.59% |          21      4.45%     65.04% |          22      4.66%     69.70% |          15      3.18%     72.88% |          15      3.18%     76.06% |           5      1.06%     77.12% |           4      0.85%     77.97% |           5      1.06%     79.03% |           4      0.85%     79.87% |           8      1.69%     81.57% |           3      0.64%     82.20% |          15      3.18%     85.38% |          11      2.33%     87.71% |          10      2.12%     89.83% |           2      0.42%     90.25% |          12      2.54%     92.80% |           7      1.48%     94.28% |          17      3.60%     97.88% |          10      2.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS::total          472                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |        2880      3.23%      3.23% |        2810      3.15%      6.38% |        2683      3.01%      9.39% |        2624      2.94%     12.33% |        2575      2.89%     15.22% |        2559      2.87%     18.09% |        2601      2.92%     21.01% |        2678      3.00%     24.01% |        2862      3.21%     27.22% |        2878      3.23%     30.45% |        2737      3.07%     33.52% |        2687      3.01%     36.53% |        2723      3.05%     39.58% |        2579      2.89%     42.48% |        2578      2.89%     45.37% |        2689      3.02%     48.38% |        2821      3.16%     51.55% |        2871      3.22%     54.76% |        2806      3.15%     57.91% |        2762      3.10%     61.01% |        2734      3.07%     64.08% |        2855      3.20%     67.28% |        2790      3.13%     70.41% |        2929      3.28%     73.69% |        2969      3.33%     77.02% |        2986      3.35%     80.37% |        2919      3.27%     83.64% |        2845      3.19%     86.83% |        2814      3.16%     89.99% |        2942      3.30%     93.29% |        2953      3.31%     96.60% |        3033      3.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        89172                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L2_Replacement_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L2_Replacement_clean::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       38413      3.13%      3.13% |       38431      3.13%      6.26% |       38472      3.13%      9.39% |       38440      3.13%     12.52% |       38314      3.12%     15.64% |       38288      3.12%     18.76% |       38317      3.12%     21.88% |       38341      3.12%     25.01% |       38410      3.13%     28.13% |       38483      3.13%     31.27% |       38492      3.14%     34.40% |       38382      3.13%     37.53% |       38266      3.12%     40.65% |       38198      3.11%     43.76% |       38214      3.11%     46.87% |       38237      3.11%     49.98% |       38306      3.12%     53.10% |       38359      3.12%     56.23% |       38435      3.13%     59.36% |       38380      3.13%     62.49% |       38381      3.13%     65.61% |       38409      3.13%     68.74% |       38398      3.13%     71.87% |       38391      3.13%     74.99% |       38394      3.13%     78.12% |       38467      3.13%     81.25% |       38478      3.13%     84.39% |       38406      3.13%     87.52% |       38287      3.12%     90.63% |       38286      3.12%     93.75% |       38335      3.12%     96.88% |       38365      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total      1227775                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      5.26%      5.26% |           2      5.26%     10.53% |           1      2.63%     13.16% |           1      2.63%     15.79% |           0      0.00%     15.79% |           1      2.63%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           2      5.26%     23.68% |           0      0.00%     23.68% |           0      0.00%     23.68% |           5     13.16%     36.84% |           0      0.00%     36.84% |           4     10.53%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           8     21.05%     68.42% |           3      7.89%     76.32% |           1      2.63%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           3      7.89%     86.84% |           0      0.00%     86.84% |           2      5.26%     92.11% |           0      0.00%     92.11% |           2      5.26%     97.37% |           0      0.00%     97.37% |           1      2.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           38                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |          84      2.08%      2.08% |         117      2.90%      4.98% |         119      2.95%      7.93% |          85      2.11%     10.04% |         121      3.00%     13.04% |         104      2.58%     15.62% |         109      2.70%     18.32% |         116      2.88%     21.19% |         135      3.35%     24.54% |          99      2.45%     27.00% |         143      3.54%     30.54% |          98      2.43%     32.97% |         109      2.70%     35.67% |         121      3.00%     38.67% |         142      3.52%     42.19% |          95      2.35%     44.55% |         139      3.45%     47.99% |         102      2.53%     50.52% |         140      3.47%     53.99% |         117      2.90%     56.89% |         187      4.64%     61.53% |         125      3.10%     64.63% |         156      3.87%     68.49% |          91      2.26%     70.75% |         134      3.32%     74.07% |         141      3.50%     77.57% |         150      3.72%     81.28% |         146      3.62%     84.90% |         171      4.24%     89.14% |         159      3.94%     93.08% |         152      3.77%     96.85% |         127      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total         4034                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |          12      2.23%      2.23% |          13      2.42%      4.66% |          14      2.61%      7.26% |          13      2.42%      9.68% |          11      2.05%     11.73% |          18      3.35%     15.08% |          16      2.98%     18.06% |          11      2.05%     20.11% |          14      2.61%     22.72% |          25      4.66%     27.37% |          22      4.10%     31.47% |          16      2.98%     34.45% |          19      3.54%     37.99% |          17      3.17%     41.15% |          15      2.79%     43.95% |          17      3.17%     47.11% |          23      4.28%     51.40% |          15      2.79%     54.19% |          10      1.86%     56.05% |          13      2.42%     58.47% |          22      4.10%     62.57% |          25      4.66%     67.23% |           7      1.30%     68.53% |          25      4.66%     73.18% |          30      5.59%     78.77% |          16      2.98%     81.75% |          15      2.79%     84.54% |          18      3.35%     87.90% |          18      3.35%     91.25% |          19      3.54%     94.79% |          16      2.98%     97.77% |          12      2.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total          537                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L2_Replacement_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L2_Replacement_clean::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      212854      5.30%      5.30% |      122620      3.05%      8.35% |      121561      3.02%     11.37% |      123646      3.08%     14.45% |      121927      3.03%     17.48% |      121023      3.01%     20.49% |      121156      3.01%     23.51% |      120622      3.00%     26.51% |      120896      3.01%     29.51% |      121416      3.02%     32.54% |      123502      3.07%     35.61% |      122518      3.05%     38.66% |      121665      3.03%     41.68% |      121974      3.03%     44.72% |      120672      3.00%     47.72% |      120582      3.00%     50.72% |      121459      3.02%     53.74% |      121263      3.02%     56.76% |      121633      3.03%     59.78% |      121825      3.03%     62.82% |      122205      3.04%     65.86% |      136470      3.40%     69.25% |      130075      3.24%     72.49% |      120718      3.00%     75.49% |      121207      3.02%     78.51% |      121423      3.02%     81.53% |      121105      3.01%     84.54% |      120815      3.01%     87.55% |      122358      3.04%     90.59% |      121300      3.02%     93.61% |      124956      3.11%     96.72% |      131972      3.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      4019418                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |          17      6.32%      6.32% |           6      2.23%      8.55% |          23      8.55%     17.10% |          10      3.72%     20.82% |          10      3.72%     24.54% |           4      1.49%     26.02% |          15      5.58%     31.60% |           8      2.97%     34.57% |          14      5.20%     39.78% |           6      2.23%     42.01% |          17      6.32%     48.33% |           5      1.86%     50.19% |           6      2.23%     52.42% |           4      1.49%     53.90% |          14      5.20%     59.11% |           6      2.23%     61.34% |           7      2.60%     63.94% |           2      0.74%     64.68% |           8      2.97%     67.66% |           1      0.37%     68.03% |          11      4.09%     72.12% |           3      1.12%     73.23% |          10      3.72%     76.95% |           5      1.86%     78.81% |           8      2.97%     81.78% |           3      1.12%     82.90% |          14      5.20%     88.10% |           7      2.60%     90.71% |           7      2.60%     93.31% |           2      0.74%     94.05% |           8      2.97%     97.03% |           8      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total          269                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |          20      3.10%      3.10% |          16      2.48%      5.57% |          21      3.25%      8.82% |          14      2.17%     10.99% |          25      3.87%     14.86% |          21      3.25%     18.11% |          20      3.10%     21.21% |          19      2.94%     24.15% |          23      3.56%     27.71% |          13      2.01%     29.72% |          22      3.41%     33.13% |          22      3.41%     36.53% |          19      2.94%     39.47% |          24      3.72%     43.19% |          25      3.87%     47.06% |          21      3.25%     50.31% |          20      3.10%     53.41% |          15      2.32%     55.73% |          19      2.94%     58.67% |          11      1.70%     60.37% |          15      2.32%     62.69% |          26      4.02%     66.72% |          25      3.87%     70.59% |          21      3.25%     73.84% |          25      3.87%     77.71% |          21      3.25%     80.96% |          23      3.56%     84.52% |           8      1.24%     85.76% |          12      1.86%     87.62% |          25      3.87%     91.49% |          35      5.42%     96.90% |          20      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total          646                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |        1987      3.38%      3.38% |        1963      3.34%      6.72% |        2073      3.53%     10.24% |        2095      3.56%     13.81% |        2072      3.52%     17.33% |        2129      3.62%     20.95% |        2068      3.52%     24.47% |        2039      3.47%     27.93% |        1817      3.09%     31.02% |        1695      2.88%     33.91% |        1779      3.03%     36.93% |        1853      3.15%     40.08% |        1933      3.29%     43.37% |        1967      3.35%     46.72% |        1764      3.00%     49.72% |        1794      3.05%     52.77% |        1792      3.05%     55.82% |        1715      2.92%     58.73% |        1827      3.11%     61.84% |        1748      2.97%     64.81% |        1692      2.88%     67.69% |        1696      2.88%     70.57% |        1701      2.89%     73.47% |        1560      2.65%     76.12% |        1756      2.99%     79.11% |        1699      2.89%     82.00% |        1749      2.97%     84.97% |        1743      2.96%     87.93% |        1732      2.95%     90.88% |        1799      3.06%     93.94% |        1766      3.00%     96.94% |        1798      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total        58801                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          82      1.76%      1.76% |          78      1.67%      3.43% |         110      2.36%      5.79% |          87      1.86%      7.65% |         140      3.00%     10.65% |          92      1.97%     12.62% |         122      2.61%     15.23% |          96      2.06%     17.29% |         218      4.67%     21.96% |         172      3.69%     25.65% |         246      5.27%     30.92% |         183      3.92%     34.84% |         138      2.96%     37.80% |         157      3.36%     41.16% |         330      7.07%     48.23% |         195      4.18%     52.41% |         153      3.28%     55.69% |         110      2.36%     58.05% |          73      1.56%     59.61% |         135      2.89%     62.50% |         182      3.90%     66.40% |         165      3.54%     69.94% |         202      4.33%     74.27% |         206      4.41%     78.68% |         115      2.46%     81.14% |         116      2.49%     83.63% |         140      3.00%     86.63% |         144      3.09%     89.72% |         131      2.81%     92.52% |         136      2.91%     95.44% |         146      3.13%     98.56% |          67      1.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total         4667                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_PUTX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |          82      1.76%      1.76% |          78      1.67%      3.43% |         110      2.36%      5.79% |          87      1.86%      7.65% |         140      3.00%     10.65% |          92      1.97%     12.62% |         122      2.61%     15.23% |          96      2.06%     17.29% |         218      4.67%     21.96% |         172      3.69%     25.65% |         246      5.27%     30.92% |         183      3.92%     34.84% |         138      2.96%     37.80% |         157      3.36%     41.16% |         330      7.07%     48.23% |         195      4.18%     52.41% |         153      3.28%     55.69% |         110      2.36%     58.05% |          73      1.56%     59.61% |         135      2.89%     62.50% |         182      3.90%     66.40% |         165      3.54%     69.94% |         202      4.33%     74.27% |         206      4.41%     78.68% |         115      2.46%     81.14% |         116      2.49%     83.63% |         140      3.00%     86.63% |         144      3.09%     89.72% |         131      2.81%     92.52% |         136      2.91%     95.44% |         146      3.13%     98.56% |          67      1.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total         4667                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |           2      5.71%      5.71% |           1      2.86%      8.57% |           0      0.00%      8.57% |           2      5.71%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           1      2.86%     17.14% |           1      2.86%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           4     11.43%     31.43% |           4     11.43%     42.86% |           4     11.43%     54.29% |           0      0.00%     54.29% |           1      2.86%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1      2.86%     60.00% |           2      5.71%     65.71% |           0      0.00%     65.71% |           1      2.86%     68.57% |           0      0.00%     68.57% |           1      2.86%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1      2.86%     74.29% |           0      0.00%     74.29% |           1      2.86%     77.14% |           3      8.57%     85.71% |           1      2.86%     88.57% |           2      5.71%     94.29% |           2      5.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total           35                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX |           1      2.04%      2.04% |           1      2.04%      4.08% |           2      4.08%      8.16% |           3      6.12%     14.29% |           2      4.08%     18.37% |           2      4.08%     22.45% |           1      2.04%     24.49% |           2      4.08%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           3      6.12%     34.69% |           1      2.04%     36.73% |           0      0.00%     36.73% |           1      2.04%     38.78% |           1      2.04%     40.82% |           2      4.08%     44.90% |           1      2.04%     46.94% |           1      2.04%     48.98% |           1      2.04%     51.02% |           2      4.08%     55.10% |           1      2.04%     57.14% |           5     10.20%     67.35% |           3      6.12%     73.47% |           3      6.12%     79.59% |           1      2.04%     81.63% |           0      0.00%     81.63% |           5     10.20%     91.84% |           1      2.04%     93.88% |           2      4.08%     97.96% |           1      2.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX::total           49                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        1987      3.38%      3.38% |        1963      3.34%      6.72% |        2073      3.53%     10.24% |        2095      3.56%     13.80% |        2072      3.52%     17.33% |        2129      3.62%     20.95% |        2068      3.52%     24.47% |        2039      3.47%     27.93% |        1817      3.09%     31.02% |        1695      2.88%     33.90% |        1779      3.03%     36.93% |        1853      3.15%     40.08% |        1933      3.29%     43.37% |        1967      3.34%     46.71% |        1764      3.00%     49.71% |        1794      3.05%     52.76% |        1792      3.05%     55.81% |        1715      2.92%     58.73% |        1827      3.11%     61.83% |        1748      2.97%     64.81% |        1692      2.88%     67.68% |        1698      2.89%     70.57% |        1701      2.89%     73.46% |        1560      2.65%     76.12% |        1756      2.99%     79.10% |        1699      2.89%     81.99% |        1750      2.98%     84.97% |        1743      2.96%     87.93% |        1732      2.95%     90.88% |        1799      3.06%     93.94% |        1766      3.00%     96.94% |        1800      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total        58806                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      398672     20.40%     20.40% |      977138     50.00%     70.40% |       35697      1.83%     72.23% |       36351      1.86%     74.09% |       36009      1.84%     75.93% |       36612      1.87%     77.80% |       36481      1.87%     79.67% |       37279      1.91%     81.58% |       36287      1.86%     83.43% |       35950      1.84%     85.27% |       35616      1.82%     87.10% |       35579      1.82%     88.92% |       36169      1.85%     90.77% |       35861      1.84%     92.60% |       35417      1.81%     94.41% |       36046      1.84%     96.26% |       36264      1.86%     98.11% |       36848      1.89%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      1954276                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      398672     20.40%     20.40% |      977138     50.00%     70.40% |       35697      1.83%     72.23% |       36351      1.86%     74.09% |       36009      1.84%     75.93% |       36612      1.87%     77.80% |       36481      1.87%     79.67% |       37279      1.91%     81.58% |       36287      1.86%     83.43% |       35950      1.84%     85.27% |       35616      1.82%     87.10% |       35579      1.82%     88.92% |       36169      1.85%     90.77% |       35861      1.84%     92.60% |       35417      1.81%     94.41% |       36046      1.84%     96.26% |       36264      1.86%     98.11% |       36848      1.89%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      1954276                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      398672     20.40%     20.40% |      977138     50.00%     70.40% |       35697      1.83%     72.23% |       36351      1.86%     74.09% |       36009      1.84%     75.93% |       36612      1.87%     77.80% |       36481      1.87%     79.67% |       37279      1.91%     81.58% |       36287      1.86%     83.43% |       35950      1.84%     85.27% |       35616      1.82%     87.10% |       35579      1.82%     88.92% |       36169      1.85%     90.77% |       35861      1.84%     92.60% |       35417      1.81%     94.41% |       36046      1.84%     96.26% |       36264      1.86%     98.11% |       36848      1.89%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      1954276                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      398672     20.40%     20.40% |      977138     50.00%     70.40% |       35697      1.83%     72.23% |       36351      1.86%     74.09% |       36009      1.84%     75.93% |       36612      1.87%     77.80% |       36481      1.87%     79.67% |       37279      1.91%     81.58% |       36287      1.86%     83.43% |       35950      1.84%     85.27% |       35616      1.82%     87.10% |       35579      1.82%     88.92% |       36169      1.85%     90.77% |       35861      1.84%     92.60% |       35417      1.81%     94.41% |       36046      1.84%     96.26% |       36264      1.86%     98.11% |       36848      1.89%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      1954276                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
